('Dick', 'I')  I had a long talk with Dick about the [obfuscated] organisation of B.Division. 
('Dick', 'I')  Clayton talked to me about TILTON who if he does not get he appointment with us in the Far East wishes to take up his case with the Air Ministry in order to clear his name I told Clayton to give his report to Dick who could discuss the matter with Dixon. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I went to a conference at Broadway attended by Sinclair, Vivian, [redacted] to discuss the future of CICB. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick, Curry and I had a further discussion on office organisation. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a talk with Dick and Hollis on the formation of a Russian section. 
('Dick', 'I')  I told him frankly that if I became DD I thought that Dick ought to become DB. 
('Dick', 'I')  I told him that I thought there were many things which Dick could do which neither I nor he could do, that he had carried a big job during the war and had established confidence with all outside depts. 
('Dick', 'I')  Anthony tells me that the Control Commission have done nothing about Padgham although they had a letter which I sent out to Dick for the DG's signature when he was in Germany, advancing Padgham's claim for some form of employment in military government. 
('Dick', 'I')  I attended the staff meeting and informed those present that according to a letter that I had had from Dick, 6 or 8 officers and 11 secretaries would be required for the Far East. 
('Dick', 'I')  I got Dick in to give his views. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick, Hollis and I had a talk about reorganisation and personnel. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick, Curry, John Noble and I gave a dinner to Sloane who is returning to Czechoslovakia. 
('Dick', 'I')  I said further that I would have another talk with Dick. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a meeting with Charles, Horrocks, Dick, Ede, Clayton and Kellar to discuss administrative matters in connection with SIFE and SIME. 
('Dick', 'I')  The trouble is that Dick and I have always regarded it as null and void, since it makes O.C. 
('Dick', 'I')  Horrocks, Dick, Harker, Hollis and I attended a meeting of the DGS to discuss future staff. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a talk with Dick and Alley about the Poles. 
('Dick', 'I')  T said that I thought it was perhaps a pity to throw a spanner in the works pending the arrived on the new DG but that of course he was within his rights in doing so if he felt strongly about the matter he did subsequently see the DG who sent for Dick and was inclined to agree with be that he should go instead on Kellar. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a talk with Dick at the stat about future staff requirements. 
('Dick', 'I')  I was possible than he could do the job of looking after espionage in countries other than Russia but this would mean his working under Dick. 
('Dick', 'I')  I rather gather that he thought of telling Curry that there was nothing derogatory in working under Dick. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I had a long session with Caccia who dined with us at the Travellers. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick has been doing a lot since I have been away in the matter of shaping B. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a talk with Dick and James Robertson about the future of the Middle East section. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I had a talk with Col. Thicknesse, who is at present employed on the Control Commission in Berlin. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I had a talk with Curry about his proposal that he should run straight intelligence. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I continue to talk with Curry wha suggested that there should be two. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I feel that he will either have to take B.2. 
('Dick', 'I')  I shall discuss this with the DG before I have a talk with C. Dick Ellis whom I saw at the club thinks that I am going to encounter considerable opposition mainly due to Vivian who takes the view that if we have a representative there we shall cut out Dwyer. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick, TAR, Cecil and I had a meeting about the control of passengers arriving at Rineanna. 
('Dick', 'I')  I reminded him of the incident during the war when Dick went to Gib. 
('Dick', 'I')  I undertook to presence for him, in conjunction with Dick, some kind of chart affecting all Divisions. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick to whom I talked after the meeting was a little in despair. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick, Bertram, Clayton, Courtenay, James Robertson and I had a discussion on the liquidation of O.C. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a long talk with Dick and Alley about Poles. 
('Dick', 'I')  I talked to Dick about D. Division and the Secretariat. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick, Cumming and I had a talk about security within the office. 
('Dick', 'I')  I saw Cooper with Dick. 
('Dick', 'I')  I talked to TAB and Dick about the security of BJs and SMs and [redacted]. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had meeting with Dick, TAR, Curry, Vesey and Miss Wadeson on the Etappendienst and about the cases of JAKOBS and STREBEL. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick had I think thought that [redacted] who was to be demobilised in February next, might be a possible candidate for Gib. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a talk with Dick and Kellar about the future of SIME. 
('Dick', 'I')  Adam, Dick, Alley, F-J and I had a talk about arrangements to vet the personnel of Anders's Army. 
('Dick', 'I')  I told him that I had discussed this matter with various authorities in the USA and also at length with Dick Ellis and Kim. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick, Kellar and I had a talk about Douglas Roberts coming visit. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick will take up this matter with Cohen and later I will speak to C. Kellar is anxious that Douglas should not stay on after September but if pressed me would not mind his remaining for another year. 
('Dick', 'I')  I discussed with Dick the question of our representation in Passport Control, which the D.G. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I were present. 
('Dick', 'I')  It was decided that Harry Allen, Dick White and myself would each draft a skeleton for a six-page memorandum, which it was felt would be more suitable for D's of I., Chiefs of Staff, Under Secretaries of State. 
('Dick', 'I')  I went through Horrocks' reorganisation chart with Dick and Hollis when we suggested a number of amendments. 
('Dick', 'I')  I discussed with Dick our representation in East Africa. 
('Dick', 'I')  I discussed with Dick, Kirby Green and Clayton the proposal that K.G. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick, Curry, Anthony and I discussed the case of Padgham. 
('Dick', 'I')  I suggested that Dick and Anthony should put all the facts to Vansi ttart and get his backing for our point of view, Since Van's advice carried great weight with Padgham. 
('Dick', 'I')  He saw Harry, Dick, Alec and Roger and I think felt that his visit had been profitable. 
('Dick', 'I')  I heard later that this had failed and I therefore put him in touch with Dick Butler who had said he would do what he could. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a discussion today with Harry, Dick, T.A.R., Archer and Miss Clay. 
('Dick', 'I')  Charles, Dick, Ede, Kirby Green, Spencer and I discussed the question of Trinidad and the withdrawal of Tufnell-Barrett. 
('Dick', 'I')  I told him that Dick would be looking into the whole question of our representation in Greece as soon as he arrived in Cairo. 
('Dick', 'I')  I put him in touch with Dick Butler who had kindly offered to try and find him work. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I had a talk with Kim Philby about Washington. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a meeting with Charles, Dick, Alec and others in preparation for the subsequent one at the War Office on our military ceiling. 
('Dick', 'I')  I gave Dick a brief before he left to enable him to discuss various matters with the D.G. 
('Dick', 'I')  I also gave a letter to Dick to take to the D.G. 
('Dick', 'I')  62 I have had a letter from Dick, in which he makes it clear that his visit to the M.E. 
('Dick', 'I')  80 Dick and I lunched with Vickery and Bamford, when we discussed the various eventualities which might arise if an Indian was appointed as Head of D.I.B. 
('Dick', 'I')  Later, the D.G., Horrocks , Dick and I had a meeting and decided to offer him D.S.O. 
('Dick', 'I')  Horrocks came in while I was talking to Dick. 
('Dick', 'I')  113 Dick, Kellar, Clayton and I had a meeting about East Africa. 
('Dick', 'I')  and I took Hayter to lunch and after- wards he had talks with Dick, Hollis and Kellar. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a meeting on East Africa with Dick, Perfect, Spencer and Clayton in order to work out some kind of charter for the D.S.O. 
('Dick', 'I')  19th February I dined with Dick and Padgham. 
('Dick', 'I')  We are considering the possibility of the introduction of Jewish Terrorists and I asked Dick to discuss this with B.3.a. 
('Dick', 'I')  161 I talked to Dick and Courtenay about SIFE, we thought of Magan as successor to Johnston, but came to the conclusion that as he had been moved once from Palestine, it would be impossible to move him again. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick, Vickery, Bamford and I discussed my brief for Patel. 
('Dick', 'I')  I discussed at some length with Dick and Roger the position with regard to Communists in scientific and research establishments. 
('Dick', 'I')  After the D.G's meeting Dick, Horrocks and I discussed with the D.G. 
('Dick', 'I')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('Dick', 'I')  I suggested to Dick that Mann* should look into the cas, although I doubt very much whether there is anything in it. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I both thought he had useful qualifications, but it is very difficult in an interview of that kind to know whether he would have any flair for intelligence work. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick, B.J. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a talk with Dick, Hollis, and F.J. about the case of FUCHS, who is employed on atomic research, The question of this man's establishment has come up. 
('Dick', 'I')  Itttold him that neither Dick White nor myself had any responsibility fir* the administration of Ham and that without reference to the files I could not give him first-hand knowledge of any standing orders there were about punish- ments. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I took Stephens out to lunch. 
('Dick', 'I')  I asked Hail whether he would be prepared to see Dick Butler. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hill! 
('Dick', 'I')  It was decided: (a) that I should speak to Craufurd; (b) that Haylor was already warned; (c) that there was no particular poin in talking to Alley; (a) that Dick would speak to Douglas Roberts; (e) that Derbyshire should gradually extract himself without giving offence; (1) that we should continue observation on "SHARKEY". 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I lunched with Vickery, when we dis- cussed the possibility of having a liaison with Pakistan. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hollis, Tar. 
('Dick', 'I')  I telephoned to Min-Eye, who had previously telephoned to Dick. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I had a meeting with Vickery and Bamford about the future of I.P.I. 
('Dick', 'I')  I have told all this to the D.G., who had previously approved of my seeing Cussen, and subsequently approved of the use or Dick Butler. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick, with whom I have spoken, is in general agreement. 
('Dick', 'I')  34 Bed July Dick White and I saw WAGSTAFFE. 
('Dick', 'I')  I learned on arrival that Dick had to leave for the Middle East as Alec Kellar has had to go to hospital. 
('Dick', 'I')  I discussed his future and arranged for him an appointment with Dick Ellis. 
('Dick', 'I')  I said that Dick White was in the Middle East and would be considering the case locally. 
('Dick', 'I')  Boothroyd looked in and I put him in touch with Dick Butler. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I saw the D.G. 
('Dick', 'I')  I saw Dick and Bamford on the subject of Jenkins letter to me published in the Pakistan Times. 
('Dick', 'I')  has not received an acknowledgement, Dick, Gwyer, Cecil and I had a meeting to discuss Gwyer's memorandum on Ireland. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a discussion with him and Dick. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick, Viekery and I discussed the Indian situation, Vickery had confirmation of the D.M.I. 
('Dick', 'I')  I discussed with Dick and Paddy Bamford the question of an approech to Thakin Nu. 
('Dick', 'I')  I discussed with Dick and Vickery a note which had been received from Bourne in which he points out the difficulties of getting any information on internal affairs in India without arousing suspicion. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hollis and Furnival Jones about the discussion at tomorrow J.C. on the Intelligence Division of the Control Commission in Germany. 
('Dick', 'I')  Cecil, Dick, John Gwyer and I discussed John's paper on Ireland to which we have made several amendments. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I talked to him. 
('Dick', 'I')  meeting see folder I discussed at some length with Dick and Roger the position with regard to communists in scientific and research establishments. 
('Dick', 'I')  After the D.G's meeting Dick, Horrocks and I discussed with the D.G. 
('Dick', 'I')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I both thought he had useful qualifications, but it is very difficult in an interview of that kind to know whether he would have any flair for intelligence work. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick, F.J. and Kellar about the Evill report to decide on the line that we should adopt. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a talk with Dick, Hollis, and F.J. about the case of FUCHS, who is employed on atomic research. 
('Dick', 'I')  I told him that neither Dick White nor myself had any responsibility fir the administration of Ham and that without reference to the files I could not give him first-hand knowledge of any standing orders there were about punish- ments. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I took Stephens out to lunch. 
('Dick', 'I')  I asked Hall whether he would be prepared to see Dick Butler. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hill& Derbyshire about "SHARKEY". 
('Dick', 'I')  It was decided : (a) that I should speak to Craufurd; (b) that Haylor was already warned; (c) that there was no particular point in talking to Alley; (d) that Dick would speak to Douglas Roberts; (e) that Derbyshire should gradually extract himself without giving offence; (f) that we should continue observation on "SHARKEY". 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I lunched with Vickery, when we dis- cussed the possibility of having a liaison with Pakistan. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hollis, Tar, Mrs. Quinn, and Miss Russell King, about our relations with the Dutches. 
('Dick', 'I')  I telephoned to Tin-Eye, who had previously telephoned to Dick. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I had a meeting with Vickery and Bamford about the future of I.P.I. 
('Dick', 'I')  I have told all this to the D.G., who had previously approved of my seeing Cussen, and subsequently approved of the use of Dick Butler. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick, with whom I have spoken, is in general agreement. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick White and I saw WAGSTAFFE. 
('Dick', 'I')  I learned on arrival that Dick has had to leave for the Middle East as Alec Kellar has had to go to hospital. 
('Dick', 'I')  I discussed his future and arranged for him an appointment with Dick Ellis. 
('Dick', 'I')  I said that Dick White was in the Middle East and would be considering the case locally. 
('Dick', 'I')  Boothroyd looked in and I put him in touc with Dick Butler. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I saw the D.G. 
('Dick', 'I')  51 I saw Dick and Bamford on the subject of Jenkins letter to me published in the Pakistan Times. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick, Gwyer, Cecil and I had a meeting to discuss Gwyer's memorandum on Ireland. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a discussion with him and Dick. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick, Viekery and I discussed the Indian situation. 
('Dick', 'I')  I discussed with Dick and Paddy Bamford the question of an approach to Thakin Nu. 
('Dick', 'I')  I discussed with Dick and Vickery a note which had been received from Bourne in which he points out the difficulties of getting any information on internal affairs in India without arousing suspicion. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hollis and Furnival Jones about the discussion at tomorrow J.I.C. 
('Dick', 'I')  Cecil, Dick, John Gwyer and I discussed John's paper on Ireland to which we have made several amendments. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I talked to him. 
('Dick', 'I')  meeting see folder I discussed at some length with Dick and Roger the position with regard to communists in scientific and research establishments. 
('Dick', 'I')  After the D.G's meeting Dick, Horrocks and I discussed with the D.G. 
('Dick', 'I')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts. 
('Dick', 'I')  I suggested to Dick that Mann should look into the case, although I doubt very much whether there is anything in it. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I both thought he had useful qualifications, but it is very difficult in an interview of that kind to know whether he would have any flair for intelligence work. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick, B.J. 
('Dick', 'I')  8th December I had a talk with Dick, Hollis, and F.J. about the case of FUCHS, who is employed on atomic research. 
('Dick', 'I')  I told him that neither Dick White nor myself had any responsibility for the administration of Ham and that without reference to the files I could not give him first-hand knowledge of any standing orders there were about punish- ments. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I took Stephens out to lunch. 
('Dick', 'I')  I asked Hall whether he would be prepared to see Dick Butler. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a meeting about this with Dick and others today. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I attended a meeting in Mr. Dean's room at the Foreign Office to discuss the setting up of a Federal Security Service in Germany. 
('Dick', 'I')  11th January Dick, Irvine and I discussed the proposal that the Germans should be allowed to set up a Federal M.I.5. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a talk with Dick about our forthcoming discussions with S.I.S. 
('Dick', 'I')  I have asked Dick to sound Bill Magan. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a discussion with Dick and Mitchell about Burt's visit. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a discussion with Dick, Horrocks, Mitchell, M.E., Marriott and Martin about our meeting with S.I.S. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a long talk with Dick, Martin, Marriott and M.E. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick, F.J., Graham, Hill and I had a discussion on the draft report of the Working Party set up to consider the desirability of having a tribunal to deal with Communists in industry. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a further meeting with Dick, Graham, F.J. and Hill on Communists in industry. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick, Graham and I had a meeting with D.G. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a further meeting with Dick and Martin about the S.I.S. 
('Dick', 'I')  I got Dick and John Marriott in. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a meeting about the war Book with Charles, Dick, Roger and Hill. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick, Roger, Charles and I all felt that this step was organisationally unsound and that if B.3 were manned and the B.3 sections properly staffed the D.G. 
('Dick', 'I')  I went to see Garner of the C.R.O about a suggestion that Dick and I should go to Eire. 
('Dick', 'I')  was not in, so Dick and I saw Irwin together and explained to him our liaison in Frankfurt and also with Miller in Singapore. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick White, Vickery and I discussed the collation of Communist reports, with particular reference to the one being issued weekly by the C.R.O. 
('Dick', 'I')  I discussed with Dick and John Marriott the case of Nilliam Norman EWER, Dick and I felt, and I think John agreed, that as it would be necessary to consult members of the Labour Party before taking any action, the matter was af very considerable delicacy and our action might be missunderstood. 
('Dick', 'I')  I went and saw Burt and told him the story of MENON, and Dick Butier. 
('Dick', 'I')  I said that if there were any points within our field which were troubling him, either Dick White or myself would be very ready to give him the background, if it were in our power to do 80. 
('Dick', 'I')  I passed this information on to Dick and asked him whether he felt that the S.I.C. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a further discussion with Dick and Hollis about overseas matters, with a view to clarifying our ideas. 
('Dick', 'I')  Hollis, Dick and I gave Sir Frederick Shedden lunch, and I had a long discussion with him in the afternoon. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a long discussion with Dick and Alec about overseas matters. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a talk with Dick about our proposed memorandum for the J.I.C. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a talk with Cumming and Dick about an approach from the Americans for joint "miking" operations between ourselves and the Americans in the American Embassy. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a word with Kellar and Dick and Hill about the arms traffic. 
('Dick', 'I')  Horrocks, Dick, Charles and I had a discussion to-day on the D.G's request about the Overseas Division. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick, Kellar and Horrocks on the subject of joint C.E. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a discussion with Horrocks, Charles, Dick and Roger on overseas matters. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick, Graham, Oughton and Perfect on police liaison. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick, John Irvine, F.J. and Thomas on our brief for the S.I.C. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a long discussion with Dick and Alex about the role of our overseas stations. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a discussion with Dick, Haldane Porter and Derek Hamblen about Dick's visit to the Middle and Far Bast. 
('Dick', 'I')  I urged Dick not to lose sight of the fact that there was a lot to be said for having our representative in touch with local Police Forces sitting alongside the S.I.S representative, since only in this way could S.I.S. 
('Dick', 'I')  I do not think that such instructions would be much use unless our Police Forces were in a position to tell foreign Police Forces that they should deal on Security Intelligence matters I suggested that we should send a wire to Dick to discuss this matter and Jack Morton. 
('Dick', 'I')  In Dick White's absence I saw Lord Vansittart at his Club. 
('Dick', 'I')  On the Intelligence side, I said that there were a few things which worried me, and on which I should like to have further particulars when Dick returns. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I spent the whole day at the S.I.C. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick, Haldane Porter and I discussed the Lebanon. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick elaborated on his memorandum, and personally I am convinced that we should give the scheme a trial, making it clear to S.I.S. 
('Dick', 'I')  Sir Edward Travis, Alexander of G.C.H.Q., Dick, Roger, Skardon and I discussed the FUCHS case from the technical angle. 
('Dick', 'I')  I attended a meeting at the Ministry of Supply, accompanied by Dick, Arthur Martin and Skardon. 
('Dick', 'I')  -------------- At the D.G's meeting to-day, at which I took the Chair, Dick said we had been asked by I.R.D. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I discussed the matter with the D.G. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and Roger and I have been reviewing this disclosure from the point of view of the action that we have taken in this case and in many others. 
('Dick', 'I')  [redacted] came over and I gave him the story about FUCHS, in the presence of Dick, John, James, Skardon, and Hill. 
('Dick', 'I')  -------------- Dick and I attended a meeting in Roger Makins' room at the Foreign Office, at which Perrin was present, to discuss a point made by Portal. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick, Roger, Irvine and I had a discussion about our attitude to the Western Union's War Room. 
('Dick', 'I')  These drafts were subsequently considered at a meeting of the Atomic Energy Commission, which Dick and I attended. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I lunched with Philip Vickery, who is just back from Germany. 
('Dick', 'I')  I discussed with Dick, Roger and John Irvine the question of the latter's future as Secretary of the S.I.C. 
('Dick', 'I')  -------------- Kim Philby came over and he, Dick, Roger, John Marriott, and I had A discussion about the F.B.I. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a long discussion with Dick and Hollis. 
('Dick', 'I')  While in my view this is undoubtedly right, I think there is something to be said for Dick having a Deputy with clearly defined responsibilities. 
('Dick', 'I')  It would be no use having a man who was merely looking over his shoulder; the Division would have to be run as Dick and I ran it during the war. 
('Dick', 'I')  I suggested to Dick that perhaps Max Knight might get someone in alongside [redacted] who could extract from him the fact that he was working for de COURCY and so give the necessary cover for our source of information. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a talk with Inspector Dick of the R.C.M.P., who is concerned with Internment Camps in time of war in Canada. 
('Dick', 'I')  I have arranged with Baker of the Home Office that Inspector Dick shall see Cornish on internment questions. 
('Dick', 'I')  and P.L.S., which I control, we got in Dick and discussed the work of B. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I saw King, who is to work under Pat Reilly in the co-ordination of Russian or Communist affairs as between the Southern Department, I.R.D. 
('Dick', 'I')  Owing, therefore, to the shortness of time available I asked Dick to speak to Max on Monday and to let me know the result so that I can fix up a meeting through the D.M.I. 
('Dick', 'I')  I got the file and subsequently discussed the matter with Hill and Dick. 
('Dick', 'I')  Division would not want another Director, in which case we should have to find someone else for C. Division on the assumption that Hollis would be the right man to assist Dick in B. I have arranged a meeting for to-morrow and have asked Dick to come up from Barrow Elm. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a discussion with Dick and Kellar about West Africa and appointment of a S.D.E.C.E. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick, Roger and I discussed the embryo E. Division, but did not make a great deal of progress. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a discussion with Dick and Roger about [redacted]. 
('Dick', 'I')  I returned from Zurich at mid-day, when I had a talk with Dick and Roger. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a discussion with Dick and Roger about an analysis of the PONTECORVO case, in answer to the J.I.C's request. 
('Dick', 'I')  -------------- Dick, Perfect and I lunched with the Chief Constable of Dorset, Major Peel-Yates. 
('Dick', 'I')  I told him that Dick of the R.C.M.P. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a long talk with Dick and James Robertson about the PEACH case. 
('Dick', 'I')  I heard from Dick that a decision had been reached to place us under the Home office. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a meeting with Hill and Dick about the case of Dr. Paul WEST, a naturalised-British journalist of German origin, who had been communicating information to a Dr. PLATOW in Germany about the Anglo-German Debts Conference in London. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick, Roger and I considered a draft memorandum for the D.G, to leave with the Home Secretary, describing to him the main features of our office. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a further discussion about Tommy HARRIS with Dick and Anthony Simkins. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick saw no harm in this but did not think I could discuss Kim unless Tommy opened the ball. 
('Dick', 'I')  I told Burt to speak to Dick who had more up-to-date information. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a talk with Dick. 
('Dick', 'I')  After consultation with Dick, I rang Anthony and confirmed the above view. 
('Dick', 'I')  When I got back Dick told me that the Soviet Embassy have put their foot right in it. 
('Dick', 'I')  I have discussed with Dick and Peter de Wesselow the case of Andrew REVAI. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I had a discussion with Burt to-day, as a result of which he expressed the view that unless authority could be got for the Yard to interview SEAMAN before seeing HEWITT, there was nothing which they could really do; he doubted, moreover, whether anything satisfactory would result even if such interviews should take place. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I went over to see the Commissioner at his request, with the D.G's approval. 
('Dick', 'I')  I told him to discuss the matter with them and with Dick White. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and Hollis, and I had a long talk about the Middle East. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I lunched with [missing] and Culver Lada, Mickey's brother, who is passing through here on his way to Istabnbul. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick, Roger and I felt very strongly that the three fundamental tasks of this office were Establishments & Finance, Intelligence and Protective Security, and that Ove sean should become absorbed in A. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick, I think, made his point, that to go outside general policy and a broad exchange of information, would be unrealistic and that the normal liaison channels would fill the gap. 
('Dick', 'I')  Meanwhile I learned that Burt had approached Skardon, evidently rather hurt that the renewal of the suggestion that Jones Bhould lecture had not come to him through Dick White or myself. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I had lunch with Colonel Eiuthoven. 
('Dick', 'I')  I told Dick and Roger about this conversation and suggested that Hollis should ring up Rumbold at the War Office and tell him what had transpired. 
('Dick', 'I')  I suggested to Dick that we should go very carefully into the possibilities of breaking the lease at Kensington Palace Gardens, on the grounds that structural alterations have been carried out without permission of the landlords. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had 20 minutes with Dick Casey at his hotel. 
('Dick', 'I')  I discussed the case of WHINFIELD with Dick who has seen him since his arrival here. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a discussion today with Dick and Stephens about exchange of prisoners. 
('Dick', 'I')  Curry, Dick, Stopford and I visited SLAMA and had an interesting discussion. 
('Dick', 'I')  I have discussed with Dick and Curry Hankey's request for information about the arrest of enemy aliens and a suitable memo has been prepared. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick is replying to each specific point and I have suggested that he should add a para at the end to the effect that the whole question should be treated on broader lines. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a discussion with Dick, Roger and M. about Tom Wintringham, who is instructor at the Hulton L.D.V. 
('Dick', 'I')  and Dick and Curry, as I wanted Crocker to hear from M. the probable effect on S.B. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I think that Haylor should be head of the whole show and that we should appoint somebody else from our own staff to deal with the intelligence side. 
('Dick', 'I')  Both Dick and I have prepared notes which we discussed today with thd D.G. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick replied that at least 50 people knew about it in Section V. and I I asked how many people knew about it on the G. side. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick, T. A. R. and Victor about sending someone out to Gib. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a long argument with Dick and T. A. R. about Section V. The D.G. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and T. A. R. and I were all agreed that in the circumstances Luke would be the best man to send since his wife is a friend of Smuts and he knows S.Africa well. 
('Dick', 'I')  I told him that I thought it would be a good thing to hold it up until Dick and I had had an opportunity of visiting G. C. & C.S. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I are seriously considering recommending that Stephens should go out in spite of the loss that he would be to us. 
('Dick', 'I')  took responsibility for the work of Section V. Dick and I went down to G.C. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I both thought that some serious planning ought to be done with a view to obtaining these documents, and suggested that fields such as S. America or Switzerland should be explored. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a long discussion with Dick todav about our suggested amalgamation with Section V. and we are putting up a memo. 
('Dick', 'I')  I discussed with Dick the case of Bovril and we both agreed that we ought to make a stand on the question of running XX agents in this country and also on the unreasonable attitude taken up by Felix in this particular case. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick remarked that the relations between Section V. and qurselves were of a different order to those between other sections of S. I S. and Service dept.s. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I had a discussion with the D.G. 
('Dick', 'I')  I went to see Dick Casey but found that he had already left for Malta unexpectedly He wanted to have a look at the place before going on to the Middle East. 
('Dick', 'I')  that Dick and I were about the only people in the office who had supported Felix for many months. 
('Dick', 'I')  and I lunched with Dick Ellis. 
('Dick', 'I')  550 I had a discussion with Dick and Courtney Young about making use of YAMADA to find out more about Donald. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a talk with T A. R. and Dick about the running of XX agents in time of invasion I said that it was desirable to work out some plan with Home Forces. 
('Dick', 'I')  I do not think he got on very well with Stratton or with Dick Ellis, who are departmentally quite different people. 
('Dick', 'I')  I wrote a long letter to the DG and one to Dick which I sent by Stratton who is leaving tomorrow for the U.K. June 21st Spent the day at Long Island. 
('Dick', 'I')  I said that I had not really had time to consider the matter, which involved a reinforcement of Section V. with certain personnel from D. Division under Dick. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick and I also gave him a number of other hints. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a discussion with Victor, currey, Miss Clay and Dick on Fifth volumn. 
('Dick', 'I')  I have recommended that Section V. should come up to S.J., and that Viv and myself, Dick and Felix should form a Planning and Organising Committee with a right to operate in the whole field of C.E and that there should be an exchange of files between all sections on the understanding that they do not leave the custody of the department which owns them. 
('Dick', 'I')  I would however consider the matter when Dick returned. 
('Dick', 'I')  and (b) that I, V.V., Felix and Dick should constitute a planning committee in the whole field of counter- espionage and (c) that files should be exchanged provided they did not technically leave the custody of either department. 
('Dick', 'I')  I dined with Dick and T. A.R. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a discussion with Dick and Gibbs about D.S.O. 
('Dick', 'I')  had come into being, I said I thought that all the necessary powers would be conferred if they constituted himself, my self, Dick and Felix as A.C.E. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick, Hart and I had a meeting about the Belgian THORN, who has appeared on ISOS. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick, Gibbs and I had a discussion about We. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick and Curry about bringing Curry's work on the Abwehr up to date. 
('Dick', 'I')  It contains a number of inaccuracies which Dick and I are trying to get straightened out. 
('Dick', 'I')  Gibbs, Dick and I saw the D.G. 
('Dick', 'I')  September 28th I had a meeting with Dick, topford, Hart, about action in connection with Ostro. 
('Dick', 'I')  Frost, Hughes, Dick and I had a meeting about the detection of illicit wireless and the part played by R.S.S. 
('Dick', 'I')  I had a talk with Bevan, T. A. R., L. Hale, Lennox, Dick,Brooman-White and Harris and Marriott on the subject of co-ordinating misinformation. 
('Dick', 'I')  I said that I would have to discuss this with Dick and also two other suggestions which Curry put up as to work he might usefully do. 
('Dick', 'I')  Later after a talk with Dick and tart I decided to see Melland before putting forward a paper about the operational value of integrated C. E. information. 
('Dick', 'I')  Melland came over and Curry, Dick, Hart and I had a talk with him. 
('Dick', 'I')  Dick, Curry and I went to Glenalmond. 
('Burt', 'I')  Burt told me that he thought it would be a good thing if I had a word with Howe and put him au fait with the Russian case. 
('Burt', 'I')  I talked to Burt about the possibility of getting Skardon. 
('Burt', 'I')  I asked Burt about the possibility of getting the services of Skardon on a permanent basis. 
('Burt', 'I')  I asked him about Burt and he said that Canning was almost certain to go of his own accord but that if he did not, gentle pressure might be exerted in the spring. 
('Burt', 'I')  I told Burt that his promotion to Lt.-Col. Find the promotions or Spooner and Skardon to Major had been approved by the Military Secretary. 
('Burt', 'I')  I asked Harker about the possibility or a decoration for Burt. 
('Burt', 'I')  I told Teresa however to have a word with Burt. 
('Burt', 'I')  I had a talk with Hollis and Burt about possible action against MAY. 
('Burt', 'I')  Roger, Burt, Cussen, Sinclair and I had a meeting about handling MAY. 
('Burt', 'I')  I spoke to Burt about the future of sabotage cases. 
('Burt', 'I')  I saw Burt who had just been talking to MAY. 
('Burt', 'I')  I spoke to Howe on the telephone and told him about MAY'S confession and the excellent piece of work that Burt had done. 
('Burt', 'I')  I arranged with Win Scott and Burt that in special cases we would pass the names of immigrants or visitors to the USA over police records. 
('Burt', 'I')  I shall do this privately through Burt. 
('Burt', 'I')  I had a long meeting with Burt, TAR, Hunter, Wilkinson of S.B., Cussen and Sargent of D.3 on the case of the man who went to the French Embassy with plans from Hawkers. 
('Burt', 'I')  We both later saw the DG to whom I pointed out that it might be wise to have a talk with Burt first, since we did not wish to cross S.B.s lines, who already had officers in the principal ports. 
('Burt', 'I')  I had suggested to the DG that he should first discuss the matter with Burt as S.B. 
('Burt', 'I')  I told Burt that the DG was to some extent of the opinion that C.C.s should manage their own ports. 
('Burt', 'I')  Burt is hotly opposed to this and I am bound to say I agree generally with his view that matters of this kind should be centralised in a police force which has much more experience of political affairs. 
('Burt', 'I')  I gather from Burt that Tarry of Southampton rather resents the presence of S.B. 
('Burt', 'I')  I went to see Burt and showed him certain information obtained by [redacted] indicating the possibility that certain members of the Revisionist Zionist Youth organisation were in possession of dynamite and a German pistol with 50 rounds of ammunition. 
('Burt', 'I')  I arranged with Burt that if he felt that it was absolutely vital for C.I. 
('Burt', 'I')  I said that I would have a word with Burt. 
('Burt', 'I')  I had previously spoken to Burt about him who did not feel that he was really the man for the job. 
('Burt', 'I')  I said that I hoped that I had not given offence in raising this but it was a matter I had often discussed with Burt who was well aware of its potential dangers. 
('Burt', 'I')  I asked Burt about protection for various Ministers against terrorism. 
('Burt', 'I')  I sent and saw Burt. 
('Burt', 'I')  I encouraged Burt to meet these men and let me know what they had to say. 
('Burt', 'I')  I saw Burt. 
('Burt', 'I')  I talked to Burt and 'C' about de BOURBON. 
('Burt', 'I')  I went to see Burt. 
('Burt', 'I')  I then talked to Burt about certain cases of apparent leakage to the Press on matters affecting Palestine. 
('Burt', 'I')  I encouraged Burt to meet these men and let me know what they had to say. 
('Burt', 'I')  In other words this is perhaps a convenient occasion to liquidate the whole business, I saw Burt. 
('Burt', 'I')  I talked to Burt and 'C' about de BOURBON. 
('Burt', 'I')  I went to see Burt. 
('Burt', 'I')  I then talked to Burt about certain cases of apparent leakage to the Press on matters affecting Palestine. 
('Burt', 'I')  I encouraged Burt to meet these women and let me know what they had to say. 
('Burt', 'I')  I saw Burt. 
('Burt', 'I')  I talked to Burt and 'C' about de BOURBON. 
('Burt', 'I')  I gathered that Hatherill had been suggested as his successor, although Burt thought that Tommy Thomson is fully qualified to do the job. 
('Burt', 'I')  I could not draw Burt on Hatherill. 
('Burt', 'I')  He said that had had an interview with Bob STAART, that he had been told to hand in his cards, but that he would still continue to pay his dues through a Liss What actually caused Burt to tell me this at this stage I moved not know. 
('Burt', 'I')  I dia not tell Burt this, but I propose to discuss it with him after talking to Graham Mitchell. 
('Burt', 'I')  The meeting was at my request as I wanted to talk to Burt about his successor and considered what he told me regarding his own transfer, and that Hatherill will probably take his place. 
('Burt', 'I')  I think Burt doubted this too. 
('Burt', 'I')  I propose to see Burt and suggest to him that if we knew the names of his informants we might be able to help him considerably. 
('Burt', 'I')  Burt came over to see me, I think poimarily to ask me to give his boy a testimonial. 
('Burt', 'I')  I then asked Burt about mission in America, As we understood the position, he had been told to keep his eyes open for information about aircraft. 
('Burt', 'I')  Burt, I think, decided to turn down and said that he did not pay out money unless he was going to get some thing for it and in this case he thought that was putting up rather a tall story. 
('Burt', 'I')  I said that while I was pretty certain that Burt would get away with it, it was just possible that in one case in a hundred a man would be the type who would stand on his rights and might go to his M.P., or to Pritt. 
('Burt', 'I')  I went and saw Burt and told him the story of MENON, and Dick Butier. 
('Burt', 'I')  I suggested that Burt might be able to help Butler by giving him certain leads with regard to CLEMINSON who hes a criminal record. 
('Burt', 'I')  I told Burt about our troubles with the Attorney General. 
('Burt', 'I')  Burt has been made a Commander, and I have suggested to the D.G. 
('Burt', 'I')  I lunched with Corin, Burt and two Norwegians. 
('Burt', 'I')  After the lunch with the Norwegians, I spoke to Burt about an S.B. 
('Burt', 'I')  I made it quite clear to Burt that we did not wish to appear in the role of "teaching our Grandmother to suck eggs", but that at the same time I thought there might be a number of 3.B, officers who would learn something to their advantage in listening to our speakers on the Comunist Party, and maybe other subjects. 
('Burt', 'I')  I went to see Howe and Burt about the case of Dorothy WOODMAN. 
('Burt', 'I')  I also discussed with Burt and Hove the two points which I had previously put to Burt about our lecturing to S.B. 
('Burt', 'I')  Burt said that he did not agree, but that I had asked him to find out and he had done so. 
('Burt', 'I')  I also asked Burt to let me know whether BALLOON had a criminal record. 
('Burt', 'I')  I said I had spoken to Howe and Burt about this, who were both in favour of coming in under the scheme, but there were others who would not agree. 
('Burt', 'I')  -------------- I went to see howe and Burt, at Burt's request. 
('Burt', 'I')  There is a lot of this sort of thing going on and I shall have to try and get it straightened out with Burt. 
('Burt', 'I')  -------------- I spoke to Burt about the case in which one, [redacted], had given information to the American Embassy about the alleged interception by Greece of arms being sent from the U.S.A. to Italy - the idea being to divert these arms to Pakistan. 
('Burt', 'I')  The Americans had asked us to supply an agent who could probe the matter, since it was already in the hands of Burt and Superintendent Lee of the C.I.D., I told Burt that we would fade out of the picture. 
('Burt', 'I')  I said that if they did that I would speak to Burt. 
('Burt', 'I')  -------------- I saw Burt this morning about a tendency by the F.B.I. 
('Burt', 'I')  I also asked Burt to call off the police from [redacted] one of our secretaries living in Kensington Palace Gardens. 
('Burt', 'I')  I told Burt that we were of course always interested in such cases from two points of view. 
('Burt', 'I')  I did not wish to discourage Burt from getting a search warrant, but I thought that he or one of his officers ought to see our papers before they decided what they were going to do. 
('Burt', 'I')  Burt telephoned to ask me whether I would see a who was an Australian officer working under Colonel Spry. 
('Burt', 'I')  I told Burt to speak to Dick who had more up-to-date information. 
('Burt', 'I')  I told Burt that I was quite prepared, if necessary, to make representations to the Immigration in this sense, or, if expedient, to speak to Sir Frank Newsam, Burt said that he would have a talk with Ruck, and if he wanted any further assistance from me he would let me know. 
('Burt', 'I')  I understand that Burt has dropped a few bricks about his past to Peroy Hoskins. 
('Burt', 'I')  Dick and I had a discussion with Burt to-day, as a result of which he expressed the view that unless authority could be got for the Yard to interview SEAMAN before seeing HEWITT, there was nothing which they could really do; he doubted, moreover, whether anything satisfactory would result even if such interviews should take place. 
('Burt', 'I')  I went to see Ronnie Howe and Burt, after receiving a message from Keith Randell in Germany about a Dr. MEYER of the Ministry of the Interior in Rhine Westphalia; who was visiting the Yard with officials from the other Laender. 
('Burt', 'I')  Had I been aware of this visit I should probably have advised against it, since I had discussed the matter very thoroughly with Burt some time ago. 
('Burt', 'I')  I had explained to Burt that we now had very extensive relations with the Special Branches all over the country and that officers up to the rank of Superintendent had been here attending courses - not solely with the idea that they might learn something, but with a view to effecting better relations and to let them know precisely what we were doing. 
('Burt', 'I')  Meanwhile I learned that Burt had approached Skardon, evidently rather hurt that the renewal of the suggestion that Jones Bhould lecture had not come to him through Dick White or myself. 
('Burt', 'I')  I expect Burt will raise this matter with me some time, when I intend to tell him frankly what I think, I have, in fact, done so already some time ago. 
('Burt', 'I')  I talked to M. about Mr. Heron and Lonsdale I said I thought it would be a good thing to let Burt look through the whole case and advise how to extract the information from Lonsdale. 
('Burt', 'I')  I have suggested to Burt the best course may be to give Lonsdale a thorough grilling. 
('Burt', 'I')  I had a talk with Burt who had come back from Worthy Down. 
('Burt', 'I')  I had a talk with Burt and Cecil on the Worthy Down case. 
('Burt', 'I')  I feel that while it was a good thing for Burt to go to N. Ireland it mightbe dangerous for him to go to Dublin in view of the fact that his connection with our office had been published in the press. 
('Burt', 'I')  I had a long talk with Burt about Gib. 
('Burt', 'I')  I said that I hardly thought it worth while pressing the Air Ministry to get us a seat on the plane for Burt to go to Canada and America, until we had made an attempt here to clear up the case through the interrogation of various Poles who have travelledon Sikorski's plane. 
('Burt', 'I')  Kimball is having a talk with Cussen and Burt 750 I had a talk with Kenneth and Kembal Johnson about INTERAVIA and the Swedish Air Lines. 
('Burt', 'I')  I had a talk with Burt who has just returned from N. Ireland. 
('Burt', 'I')  I told Burt to soothe them down bit. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I had a word with Newsam about general H.O. 
('I', 'Newsam')  Gray and I went to see Sir Frank Newsam. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I went to see Newsam about three checks on Civil Servants.- I asked him to make special arrangements to see that the warrants were not handled by the staff as and had both been in the Home Office. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I also showed him and Newsam a file on HINDMARSH, who used to look after the welfare of internees in the Isle of Man and at the Beltane Schools. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I also showed him and Newsam a file on HINDMARSH, who used to look after the welfare of internees in the Isle of Man and at the Beltane Schools. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I explained to Newsam in detail the position that had been reached. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I told Newsam that if We were not to pay into the affairs of the C.P., it was difficult to see how we could carry out our comitments. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I attended a meeting at the Home office called by Newsam at the request of the Admiralty, who were not satisfied about the arrangements for possible defectors at Rosyth from the Russian crews who were bringing back ships which we haa lent them during the war. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I saw Newsam and gave him our draft answer to Sir O. Sargent on the question of divulging to Gambier Parry's engineers which it was alleged they required in order to give our Embassies the necessary protection. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I also showed Newsam the Ministry of Defence paper on the policy in regard to Communists in industry where secret work is going on as he would ultimately have to brief the S. of S. He agreed that the paper, but thought that where a dismissal was found necessary, the Government should refund the compensation for breach of contract. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I saw Newsam about the case of Dorothy WOODMAN. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I saw Newsam today He seemed fairly happy about the result of the Cabinet Committee on Communists in industry provided the three Advisers accepted the commitment. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I talked to Newsam about the Irish Bill. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I saw Newsam. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I saw Sir Frank Newsam to-day in order to discuss with him my letter regarding Warrants to cover correspondence going to and emanating from an individual. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I said that if he liked I would speak to Newsam, but as he felt that he would have to move sooner or later if he was to get on in the Home Office, it seemed inadvisable to do anything. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I waw Newsam about NAHUM and DONOVAN and got his agreement. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I told Newsam that he need have no anxiety; we in fact hai to recruit according to age groups, and that quite recently we had taken in people between 30 and 40. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I told Newsam that in our view the idea was not a good one; we saw no real necessity for it, as the Press were doing the job fairly well, There had also been a great deal of anti-Soviet publicity in U.N.O. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I saw Newsam and also asked his approval for bringing over the Polish cipher clerk, from Paris. 
('I', 'Newsam')  -------------- I saw Newsam to-day. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I said that Newsam had ruled that these bases should in future go direct to Mr. Hutson and Mr. Weiler, unless they were exceptional - in which case he himself should be consulted. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I saw Newsam about a case of [redacted], to which he readily agreed. 
('I', 'Newsam')  and the Governor, I did not feel it incumbent upon us to make any approach to Newsam. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I said I thought the Foreign Office, when they had obtained our views, should speak to Newsam. 
('I', 'Newsam')  -------------- I had a talk with Newsam to-day about de COURCY. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I told Newsam that we should be reluctant to hold up the enquiries until after the Election, since there was an insistent demand for further particulars by the Chiefs of Staff about de COURCY'S sources of information. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I then gave Newsam a short account of the FUCHS case, pointing out the immense difficulties in detection and prevention. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I went to see Newsam about certain [redacted] to all of which he agreed. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I went to see Newsam about the Czech Ice Hockey players who the Americans have told us are likely to defect. 
('I', 'Newsam')  -------------- I saw Newsam. 
('I', 'Newsam')  -------------- I saw Newsam about [redacted] WYBROW, and [redacted]. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I said I had been asked by Sir Frank Newsam whether we could let him have copies as, for some reason unstated, he did not wish to go to the C.R.O. 
('I', 'Newsam')  situation, which I am sending to Newsam. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I explained to Newsam that we were acting on behalf of the Admiralty and that possibly, therefore, N.I.D. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I went over to see Newsam to tell him about the Portsmouth explosion. 
('I', 'Newsam')  Newsam approved of this arrangement and agreed that I should get into touch with Dr. Watts and make any use of him that I liked. 
('I', 'Newsam')  -------------- I saw Newsam to-day about [redacted] our old friend Maria BUDBERG, who is to be visited by McGIBBON, the British Communist who is strongly suspected of acting as a Soviet agent while employed on some Staff Mission in Washington during the war. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I told Newsam about the alleged sabotage case at Portsmouth. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I told him that I had spoken rather tentatively, both to Newsam and to Reilly on this subject, but that the latter had found it rather difficult to know how best to set the ball rolling. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I had a two hour meeting at the Home office with Newsam in the chair. 
('I', 'Newsam')  Newsam was rather inclined to play this down at first, but I got strong support from Harold Scott. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I saw Newsam to-day, wen I handed him a copy of our note on the Sheffield "Peace" Congress. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I think that Newsam will bring out note to the notice of the Home Secretary, but I am certain that once will not recommend any change of policy. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I told the meeting that we had, in the light of additional facts, submitted, a note to the Home Office, recommending that at least the bulk of the delegation should be stopped, but that Sir Frank Newsam held the view that we should only give the Congress more publicity, and that the body politic here was quite capable of absorbing the virus and throwing it off. 
('I', 'Newsam')  -------------- I saw Newsam in the afternoon, [redacted]. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I took a case [redacted] to Newsam. 
('I', 'Newsam')  Newsam expressed his intention of doing something about this, although I am not very confident that he will. 
('I', 'Newsam')  about my conversation with Newsam, which I thought might provide the answer to the present delay in regard to increases of salary under Chorley for offices of Director rank and upward. 
('I', 'Newsam')  Malcolm tells me that in the case of LINKIEWICZ, about which I took so much trouble with Newsam, it has now been discovered that there is no brother in Scotland at the hostel where he is said to reside, nor anywhere else. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I went to see Newsam. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I was more than ever convinced that Newsam has little idea of what the work and ramifications of this department are. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I saw Newsam to brief him on Ritter von Lex, who was calling and might possibly wish to discuss security matters. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I saw Newsam. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I told Burt that I was quite prepared, if necessary, to make representations to the Immigration in this sense, or, if expedient, to speak to Sir Frank Newsam, Burt said that he would have a talk with Ruck, and if he wanted any further assistance from me he would let me know. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I saw Newsam this morning, when I talked to him about the principle of imposing Warrants on a soldier in B.A.O.R. 
('I', 'Newsam')  Why Newsam should necessarily be thinking it over, I do not know!. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I saw Newsam this morning. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I told Newsam that we had written to Ross about this on the 27th September, but that so far we had had no reply. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I went to see Newsam about the case of one who is coming up for promotion to Assistant Secretary and whose case we wanted to investigate [missing]. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I told Newsam that I had been a little disturbed by what he had said to me previously in the case of [missing] Cases of this sort were extremely important and, indeed, we had instructions to operate the P.M.'s purge to the utmost of our ability. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I then gave Newsam a rough idea of what we knew about He then changed his tune completely, saying that all he had wanted to ensure was that we did not use on some individual merely because he read the "Daily Worker". 
('I', 'Newsam')  I feel that Master Newsam will need enlightening a good deal if he is to be of any use to us. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I have put both these points to Newsam who said he would put the case up to Peake but that he thought that our opposition could not be upheld in view of the numerous representations. 
('I', 'Newsam')  and Newsam, We discussed the Travel Committee and I tried to impress Newsam with the importance of the whole matter from the Security angle. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I have had an extraordinary conversation with Newsam about communists and French travel. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I told Newsam that in actual fact we had confirmation of the present liaison from several sources. 
('I', 'Newsam')  Newsam then said that if we really took this view about communists, he really could not see why we were worrying very much about the refugees, to which I replied that if the enemy had one good source of information, it would not mean that they would turn down another. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I made it clear to Newsam that we did not approve of the action and that we regarded FRANCIS as an enemy agent. 
('I', 'Newsam')  tells me that Maxwell has refused to consider our representations about the internment of 500 members of the B.F. Later I had a long conversation with Newsam. 
('I', 'Newsam')  I told Newsam that there were after all some quite intelligent people in this office who had given careful study to the matter and that that was their considered view. 
('I', 'Newsam')  In view of my depressing conversation with Newsam yesterday I have got Sneath and Dickson to prepare a case on the B.U.F. 
('Hill', 'I')  I have in mind also Hill or B.1C and Skardon but their participation is problematical for a variety of reasons. 
('Hill', 'I')  I talked to Hill. 
('Hill', 'I')  I suggested tactfully that he should send the two cases over to me and that I would get Hill to deal with them. 
('Hill', 'I')  I asked Hill whether he wanted to retain the Bervices of Tangye. 
('Hill', 'I')  Hill and I explained to him the history of KUH, and I showed him a copy of "The Week" of December llth. 
('Hill', 'I')  I got Hill down and we told them that without any doubt the source of this leakage was Mr. Hynd, who had passed the information to Freddie KUH. 
('Hill', 'I')  I asked Hill about CRAUFURD. 
('Hill', 'I')  I talked to Hill about CRAUFURD. 
('Hill', 'I')  Hill also had it in mind that CRAUFURD formerly had the intention of going to I.C.I. 
('Hill', 'I')  I saw Hill and asked him whether he would take on certain aspects of the Air Ministry leakage case. 
('Hill', 'I')  I explained to him what we were doing and the reasons, which he fully understand He thought it might be a good thing if TAR and Wakefield, who is going to handle arms traffic under Hill, had a talk with Clayton, who is trying to co-ordinate this matter in the War office. 
('Hill', 'I')  I saw Derbyshire and Hill. 
('Hill', 'I')  I think Hill adequately safeguarded our position. 
('Hill', 'I')  I talked to Hill about the arms traffic. 
('Hill', 'I')  I saw Admiral Thomson and Hill. 
('Hill', 'I')  I asked Hill to approach DINLY. 
('Hill', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hill! 
('Hill', 'I')  Lastly, I have arranged through Hill and McCullogh that if any paper asks whether they can publish the letter here their attention 75 should be drawn to D. Notice No. 
('Hill', 'I')  I then suggested that he might place his officer in touch with Hill, so that they could discuss the general lines on which the enquiry sho be conducted. 
('Hill', 'I')  Hill, I think rightly, dissuaded him, since it would clearly be difficult for us without letting Dixon down to pass the information on to the Navy. 
('Hill', 'I')  15th October I discussed the Sunday Times leakage case with Hill. 
('Hill', 'I')  16th October I gave Hill a file about an article which the Daily Express were proposing to publish on M.I.5. 
('Hill', 'I')  I have asked Hill to get a copy of the article and consider whether we should not return to the charge. 
('Hill', 'I')  The D.G, has agreed to my proposal that we should have resident night duty officers, if and when we move to Leconfield House, I saw Derbyshire and Hill. 
('Hill', 'I')  I think Hill adequately safeguarded our position. 
('Hill', 'I')  I talked to Hill about the arms traffic. 
('Hill', 'I')  I saw Admiral Thomson and Hill. 
('Hill', 'I')  I asked Hill to approach DINLY. 
('Hill', 'I')  Lastly, I have arranged through Hill and McCullogh that if any paper asks whether they can publish the letter here their attention 45 should be drawn to D. Notice No. 
('Hill', 'I')  54 I saw Hill about the leakage case. 
('Hill', 'I')  I then suggested that he might place his officer in touch with Hill, so that they could discuss the general lines on which the enquiry should be conducted. 
('Hill', 'I')  Hill, I think rightly, dissuaded him, since it would clearly be difficult for us without letting Dixon down to pass the information on to the Navy. 
('Hill', 'I')  84 15th October I discussed the Sunday Times leakage case with Hill. 
('Hill', 'I')  16th October I gave Hill a file about an article which the Daily Express were proposing to publish on M.I.5. 
('Hill', 'I')  I have asked Hill to get a copy of the article and consider whether we should not return to the charge. 
('Hill', 'I')  The D.G, has agreed to my proposal that we should have resident night duty officers, if and when we move to Leconfield House, I saw Derbyshire and Hill. 
('Hill', 'I')  I think Hill adequately safeguarded our position. 
('Hill', 'I')  I talked to Hill about the arms traffic. 
('Hill', 'I')  I saw Admiral Thomson and Hill. 
('Hill', 'I')  I asked Hill to approach DINLY. 
('Hill', 'I')  Hill and I went to see Sir Percivale Leisching of the Ministry of Food about a man called who had been giving information on linseed prices to the Argentinians. 
('Hill', 'I')  I have told Perfect and Hill of C.2. 
('Hill', 'I')  Hill and I went over for a meeting with Donaldson and legal advisers from the Treasury, Ministry of Supply and Admiralty. 
('Hill', 'I')  I had a discussion with Hill and Irvine on the memorandum produced by the Security Committee working party on what the Russians were likely to know from publications in the Press and from documents circulated to Western Union powers and to "leaky" Dominions. 
('Hill', 'I')  I talked to Mitchell, Hill and T.J. about the case. 
('Hill', 'I')  I told the meeting about a conference being held at the Home Office, which Hill was attending, regarding the question of aliens changing their names. 
('Hill', 'I')  Hill and I went over to a meeting at the Ministry of Supply with Sir Harold Parker in the Chair. 
('Hill', 'I')  Dick, F.J., Graham, Hill and I had a discussion on the draft report of the Working Party set up to consider the desirability of having a tribunal to deal with Communists in industry. 
('Hill', 'I')  I had a further meeting with Dick, Graham, F.J. and Hill on Communists in industry. 
('Hill', 'I')  I asked Hill why it was that we could not involve KAUDY, the Assistant Military Attache. 
('Hill', 'I')  I had a meeting about the war Book with Charles, Dick, Roger and Hill. 
('Hill', 'I')  Hill and I went to see the D.P.P. 
('Hill', 'I')  I had a word with Kellar and Dick and Hill about the arms traffic. 
('Hill', 'I')  [redacted] came over and I gave him the story about FUCHS, in the presence of Dick, John, James, Skardon, and Hill. 
('Hill', 'I')  On returning to the office I found that Hill had been having some difficulty with the D. of P.P., who, for legal reasons, was anxious to leave out the American charge. 
('Hill', 'I')  After consulting Hill, I told him that there was none. 
('Hill', 'I')  I said, after consultation with Hill, that while he could proceed under the Army Act and under Section 2 of the Official Secrets Act, this would obviously get him no where. 
('Hill', 'I')  I had a long talk with Hill about the legality of the Communist Party. 
('Hill', 'I')  Hill would proceed by having a Royal Commission, with Goddard in the Chair, although he was not too sanguine when I asked him what sort of case he thought the office could present. 
('Hill', 'I')  I got the file and subsequently discussed the matter with Hill and Dick. 
('Hill', 'I')  I had a meeting with Hill and Dick about the case of Dr. Paul WEST, a naturalised-British journalist of German origin, who had been communicating information to a Dr. PLATOW in Germany about the Anglo-German Debts Conference in London. 
('Hill', 'I')  Hill finds this difficult, since WEST is a journalist and no charge of espionage under Section I could really be preferred against him. 
('Hill', 'I')  I had a talk with Hill to-day about his investigations into W.E.X., which is engaged in East/West trade. 
('Hill', 'I')  I talked to Hill about the case of KUCHENMEISTER, and subsequently got the D.G's approval to pass a copy of his latest letter, addressed to the D.G. 
('Hill', 'I')  I showed Hill my note to Reilly on the subject or de COURCY, and he agreed to its terms. 
('Hill', 'I')  I gave Hill Dillon as complete a picture as I could of all the services operating in Ireland and expressed the view that any further attempts to penetrate southern Ireland would lead to endless confusion. 
('Hill', 'I')  I lunched with Hamish Mitchell, Charles Watson and Hill-Wood. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I have informed only TAR, Roger, Curry and Kellar. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I had a meeting with Charles, Horrocks, Dick, Ede, Clayton and Kellar to discuss administrative matters in connection with SIFE and SIME. 
('I', 'Kellar')  T said that I thought it was perhaps a pity to throw a spanner in the works pending the arrived on the new DG but that of course he was within his rights in doing so if he felt strongly about the matter he did subsequently see the DG who sent for Dick and was inclined to agree with be that he should go instead on Kellar. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I had a talk with Dick and Kellar about the future of SIME. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I had a talk with Kellar about S. Africa. 
('I', 'Kellar')  Dick, Kellar and I had a talk about Douglas Roberts coming visit. 
('I', 'Kellar')  Dick will take up this matter with Cohen and later I will speak to C. Kellar is anxious that Douglas should not stay on after September but if pressed me would not mind his remaining for another year. 
('I', 'Kellar')  Kellar and I had a discussion with Martin and Mathieson of the Colonial Office on the draft of the Prime Minister's statement on Palestine. 
('I', 'Kellar')  Kellar and I went over to see the Lord Chancellor, to assist him on matters of detail in the preparation of his draft. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I have told Kellar to have a word with Harold Caccia if a reply comes while I am away. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I have told Kellar to get out a note showing the whole sequence of events which led ultimately to the publication of the White Paper. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I think he is very appreciative of all the work that Kellar and his officers have done. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I also told 'C' that from certain remarks which had reached me from other offices and also from a conversation between Kellar and Travis that there was a certain amount of feeling that M.I.5. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I said that I thought we had to go forward with the firm conviction that we had the best man we could possibly put into the job es the head of SIME in Alec Kellar, and that we should say so to the Comnander in Chief and hope that the proposal would be acceptable to him. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I discussed with Kellar certain BULLDOG material. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I told Kellar about the telegram I had received from the D.G., provisionally appointing Magan as head of SIME until a final decision could be made about Douglas Rober successor. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I could give Kellar no reasons for this decision because I had none. 
('I', 'Kellar')  Kellar, I think, feels that this is more or less the end of his career in the Security Service, parti- cularly since a number of people both inside and outside the office were under the impression that he was going to take up the appointment. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I discussed with Kellar and Charles Butler the possibility of finding someone for Iraq. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I asked Kellar to talk to him abou Palestine generally. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I gathered that he was much impressed by what Kellar had to say and by Kellar's general knowledge of the whole set-up. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I confined my remarks to saying that I still thought Kellar was entirely suitable for the job, but I was somewhat worried about Magan being taken away from Palestine - quit the most important position at this moment and the denuding of B.3.a. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I dined with Gray and Kellar. 
('I', 'Kellar')  that if he decided to appoint Kellar, at the very worst he would not let him down, and I should be very surprised if he did not make a signal success of the whole job. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I said that there was one aspect of the problem that I had not put to him before, because I felt that I might possibly have been mis- understood, and that I did not wish him to think that either I or Kellar was trying to force him to a decision against his will. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I said that I was quite confident myself tht Kellar could do the job admirably and that he had very considerable administrative ability. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I thought that he ought to allow Kellar to go out there and formulate his own views. 
('I', 'Kellar')  said that he would speak 102 to Kellar and has, I think, made up his mind to appoint him as Head of S.I.M.E. 
('I', 'Kellar')  113 Dick, Kellar, Clayton and I had a meeting about East Africa. 
('I', 'Kellar')  and I took Hayter to lunch and after- wards he had talks with Dick, Hollis and Kellar. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I then passed him to Alex Kellar, with whom he had a long talk. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I spent an evening with Alec Kellar, who is leaving to-morrow to take up his appointment in the Middle East. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I pointed out that SIME were denuded of their personnel and that one must expect a certain dislocation until Kellar had got well into his stride. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I discussed with H/SIFE, Kellar and Courtenay two telegrams from Burma relating to the D.S.O. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I explained to him that we had of course taken over SIME and that Kellar had been extremely busy. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I learned on arrival that Dick had to leave for the Middle East as Alec Kellar has had to go to hospital. 
('I', 'Kellar')  Clearly I think Kellar does not want to revert to the former position of Magan at SIME, and this is in a way understandable. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I had a meeting with Dick, F.J. and Kellar about the Evill report to decide on the line that we should adopt. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I discussed with H/SIFE, Kellar and Courtenay two telegrans from Burma relating to the D.S.O. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I explained to him that we had of course taken over SIME and that Kellar had been extremely busy. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I learned on arrival that Dick has had to leave for the Middle East as Alec Kellar has had to go to hospital. 
('I', 'Kellar')  Clearly I think Kellar does not want to revert to the former position of Magan at SIME, and this is in a way understandable. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I discussed with H/SITE, Kellar and Courtenay two telegrans from Burma relating to the 150 D.S.O. 
('I', 'Kellar')  Kellar has, I think, persuaded him that such qualifications are not necessary in the Head of S.I.F.E. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I have had several long talks with Alec Kellar about his experiences in S.I.F.E. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I talked to Kellar about our responsibilities with regr rd to other stations. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I had a word with Kellar and Dick and Hill about the arms traffic. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I had a meeting with Dick, Kellar and Horrocks on the subject of joint C.E. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I told him about and his work, and introduced him to Alec Kellar and Haldane Porter. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I asked whether Kellar had been conduited about this and was assured by Horrocks that he had been. 
('I', 'Kellar')  -------------- I had a conference with Kellar and Shaw on the WYBROW case. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I had a discussion with Dick and Kellar about West Africa and appointment of a S.D.E.C.E. 
('I', 'Kellar')  -------------- I had a meeting with [redacted] and [redacted], Alec Kellar, Derek Hamblen and Clayton on policy in West Africa. 
('I', 'Kellar')  -------------- I had a talk with Kellar about my visit to West Africa. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I explained to [missing] that what Kellar told him was entirely correct; if, for example, we wished to look at someone's correspondence we had to make a case to the Home Secretary and obtain his Warrant. 
('I', 'Kellar')  His telephone number was [missing] I spoke to Alec Kellar and put him in touch. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I had a talk with Kellar before a meeting of the Dixon Committee. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I have asked Kellar to bound the ground very carefully when he goes out. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I had a talk today with Kellar about George KNUPFER and the Young Russia organ- isation known as Mladoross. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I took the opportunity of pointing out that this was a matter of some importance, particularly to Kellar who was by way of dealing with the Middle East, butwas not in B. and also to Ramsbotham. 
('I', 'Kellar')  seemed to think that Kellar was solely concerned with political movements and when I said that he was really the only recipient in the office outside ISOS of information regarding the Middle East, the D.G. 
('I', 'Kellar')  I thought that we should have a complete set of these messages which could be studied by Kellar who is responsible for Palestine. 
('I', 'Kellar')  854 October 13th I talked to Kellar about the Pasha. 
('I', 'Roger')  I have had two long letters from Alan Roger in Hong-Kong. 
('I', 'Roger')  I have informed only TAR, Roger, Curry and Kellar. 
('I', 'Roger')  I saw Roger Fleetwood-Hesketh at the club today. 
('I', 'Roger')  I congratulated him on his work and explained to him on the basis of Roger Fleetwood-Hesketh's enquiries what an immensely important part it had played in the operations on the Second Front. 
('I', 'Roger')  Roger, Burt, Cussen, Sinclair and I had a meeting about handling MAY. 
('I', 'Roger')  I saw Roger and Cuthbert Fleetwood-Hesketh when they produced for me documents showing the part played by GARBO and BRUTUS in the deception plan. 
('I', 'Roger')  Roger took me over to see Malcolm McDonald to whom I explained our set up in the F.E. 
('I', 'Roger')  Roger and I went to the JIC to discuss Russian sources. 
('I', 'Roger')  I told Roger about the leakage through SOE about D.day. 
('I', 'Roger')  I saw Roger Moore for i moment. 
('I', 'Roger')  I told him that Norman Archer was saying on the advice of Boland that the IRA were in funds, Roger Moore thought this was extremely doubtful. 
('I', 'Roger')  I went to Belfast where I saw Roger Moore and Pym, of the U.I.G. 
('I', 'Roger')  I talked to Roger about the squatters, Apparently neither ourselves nor S.B. 
('I', 'Roger')  He saw Harry, Dick, Alec and Roger and I think felt that his visit had been profitable. 
('I', 'Roger')  I talked to Roger about the case of our agent, who has been asked by on the C.P. 
('I', 'Roger')  7th January I had a meeting with Harry Allen, Horrocks, Roger, Stanley Strong and Adam about the vetting of civil servants. 
('I', 'Roger')  I went with Roger to see Sir Archibald Rowlands at the Ministry of Supply. 
('I', 'Roger')  I discussed at some length with Dick and Roger the position with regard to Communists in scientific and research establishments. 
('I', 'Roger')  The consequence is that the Ministry is unaware of the large number of establishments which have now come under its control, I asked Roger to bring this matter to the notice of the D.G. 
('I', 'Roger')  Roger and I went over to see Sir Donald. 
('I', 'Roger')  Roger and I went to see Sir Arthur Street of the Coal Board. 
('I', 'Roger')  meeting see folder I discussed at some length with Dick and Roger the position with regard to communists in scientific and research establishments. 
('I', 'Roger')  The consequence is that the Ministry is unaware of the large number of establishments which have now come under its control, I asked Roger to bring this matter to the notice of the D.G. 
('I', 'Roger')  10th October Roger and I went over to see Sir Donald Ferguson, P.U.S. 
('I', 'Roger')  Roger and I went to see Sir Arthur Street of the Coal Board. 
('I', 'Roger')  meeting see folder I discussed at some length with Dick and Roger the position with regard to communists in scientific and research establishments. 
('I', 'Roger')  The consequence is that the Ministry is unaware of the large number of establishments which have now come under its control, I asked Roger to bring this matter to the notice of the D.G. 
('I', 'Roger')  I had a meeting about the war Book with Charles, Dick, Roger and Hill. 
('I', 'Roger')  Dick, Roger, Charles and I all felt that this step was organisationally unsound and that if B.3 were manned and the B.3 sections properly staffed the D.G. 
('I', 'Roger')  I had a long discussion with Roger and J. about the sabotage paper. 
('I', 'Roger')  I had a discussion with Horrocks, Charles, Dick and Roger on overseas matters. 
('I', 'Roger')  I had a long meeting with Roger, F.J. and Felix Johnstone about the Phillips Group. 
('I', 'Roger')  Sir Edward Travis, Alexander of G.C.H.Q., Dick, Roger, Skardon and I discussed the FUCHS case from the technical angle. 
('I', 'Roger')  I knew Roger Moore personally and he always came to see me when he was in this country. 
('I', 'Roger')  Dick and Roger and I have been reviewing this disclosure from the point of view of the action that we have taken in this case and in many others. 
('I', 'Roger')  -------------- Roger and I went over to a committee meeting, chaired by Cornish of the Home Office, to consider the future of the Interdepartmental Committee on Security and its shape in war. 
('I', 'Roger')  -------------- Dick and I attended a meeting in Roger Makins' room at the Foreign Office, at which Perrin was present, to discuss a point made by Portal. 
('I', 'Roger')  I then spoke to Sir Roger Makins and gave him clearance for his telegram to Washington. 
('I', 'Roger')  I told the meeting which Roger and I attended on the shape and form to be taken by the Security Executive in time of war. 
('I', 'Roger')  Dick, Roger, Irvine and I had a discussion about our attitude to the Western Union's War Room. 
('I', 'Roger')  I have arranged a meeting with Roger Makins and Perrin. 
('I', 'Roger')  I discussed with Dick, Roger and John Irvine the question of the latter's future as Secretary of the S.I.C. 
('I', 'Roger')  -------------- Kim Philby came over and he, Dick, Roger, John Marriott, and I had A discussion about the F.B.I. 
('I', 'Roger')  I knew in fact, that Roger Makins, whom I have seen at the Travellers, was putting up a suggestion that the difficulty should be overcome by the matter being presented in the form of a request by M.I.5 for a representative of the F.B.I. 
('I', 'Roger')  I suggested to [redacted] that Carrol himself might be the subject of attention by the I.R.A., in view of the liaison that he had now had for many years with the North, and that he was, therefore, anxious to cease contact with Roger Moore and was consequently trying to scare him out of the Force: then saying that he could not conduct a liaison with his successor. 
('I', 'Roger')  -------------- I discussed with Roger and Irvine the question of the approach to the French regarding their security. 
('I', 'Roger')  I spoke to Roger about this and asked him to arrange for a meeting between Perfect and Clayton of the Admiralty. 
('I', 'Roger')  Dick, Roger and I discussed the embryo E. Division, but did not make a great deal of progress. 
('I', 'Roger')  I had a discussion with Dick and Roger about [redacted]. 
('I', 'Roger')  I returned from Zurich at mid-day, when I had a talk with Dick and Roger. 
('I', 'Roger')  I had a discussion with Dick and Roger about an analysis of the PONTECORVO case, in answer to the J.I.C's request. 
('I', 'Roger')  I saw Roger to-day on my return, having been away for a few days. 
('I', 'Roger')  Dick, Roger and I considered a draft memorandum for the D.G, to leave with the Home Secretary, describing to him the main features of our office. 
('I', 'Roger')  Dick, Roger and I felt very strongly that the three fundamental tasks of this office were Establishments & Finance, Intelligence and Protective Security, and that Ove sean should become absorbed in A. 
('I', 'Roger')  I told Dick and Roger about this conversation and suggested that Hollis should ring up Rumbold at the War Office and tell him what had transpired. 
('I', 'Roger')  I had a talk with Roger about Communists in the event of war with Russia. 
('I', 'Roger')  I had a further talk with Roger about action in the event of war with Russia. 
('I', 'Roger')  I therefore arranged for Roger to visit Mr. Norman who says that it is passed on to the Shipowners' Association which has a membership of some 650. 
('I', 'Roger')  I discussed with Roger today what our policy should be vis-a-vis the C.P. 
('I', 'Roger')  I have arranged for Roger to go over and see him. 
('I', 'Roger')  Roger and I went up to see Leggett. 
('I', 'Roger')  I had a discussion with Dick, Roger and M. about Tom Wintringham, who is instructor at the Hulton L.D.V. 
('I', 'Roger')  I dined with Roger Hollis who has returned after a long illness. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I had a talk with Dick and Hollis on the formation of a Russian section. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I had a talk with Hollis and Burt about possible action against MAY. 
('Hollis', 'I')  Dick, Hollis and I had a talk about reorganisation and personnel. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I had to explain to him why I felt it was necessary that I should maintain the liaison but he seemed to think that Hollis had been over fairly recently and Victor was now going, it would be difficult to justify my case. 
('Hollis', 'I')  Horrocks, Dick, Harker, Hollis and I attended a meeting of the DGS to discuss future staff. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I told Cimperman he had better discuss this with Hollis. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I thought he might also usefully discuss this matter with Hollis. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I talked to Hollis about intelligence relating to atomic energy. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I went through Horrocks' reorganisation chart with Dick and Hollis when we suggested a number of amendments. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I suggested to Hollis that he should have a talk with Colonel Walker, who spoke to me about them at the club the other day - one of them was taken on against our advice and the other was taken on before the result of the vetting was received. 
('Hollis', 'I')  said I or Hollis would go over and see him. 
('Hollis', 'I')  After further discussion, I said thet a note of this situation was to be incorporated in the paper which Hollis is preparing for the J.I.C. 
('Hollis', 'I')  and I took Hayter to lunch and after- wards he had talks with Dick, Hollis and Kellar. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I described to them more or less the basic functions of the office and they subsequently had talks with Harry Allen, Jo Archer, Hollis and Dick/ 11th February. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I explained to him the general lay-out of the office, and introduced him to Hollis and Furnival Jones. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I had a talk with Dick, Hollis, and F.J. about the case of FUCHS, who is employed on atomic research, The question of this man's establishment has come up. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hollis, Tar. 
('Hollis', 'I')  D.D.G.Meeting (see folder) 39 Murrie and Drew came to see me about BODDINGTON, I got Hollis down, who gave them the full picture. 
('Hollis', 'I')  / I told Wilde to see Hollis, and if Hollis thought fit, to arrange for him to see Ellis and to discover exactly the basis of his fears. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hollis and Furnival Jones about the discussion at tomorrow J.C. on the Intelligence Division of the Control Commission in Germany. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I explained to him the general lay-out of the office, and introduced him to Hollis and Furnival Jones. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I had a talk with Dick, Hollis, and F.J. about the case of FUCHS, who is employed on atomic research. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hollis, Tar, Mrs. Quinn, and Miss Russell King, about our relations with the Dutches. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I said that provided the Hollis Committee did not embark on any detail but confined themselves to giving approval or disapproval to the plans put up by the L.3.C., the system should work well. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I got Hollis down, who gave them the full picture. 
('Hollis', 'I')  / I told wilde to see Hollis, and if Hollis thought fit, to arrange for him to see Ellis and to discover exactly the basis of his fears. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hollis and Furnival Jones about the discussion at tomorrow J.I.C. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I explained to him the general lay-out of the office, and introduced him to Hollis and Furnival Jones. 
('Hollis', 'I')  8th December I had a talk with Dick, Hollis, and F.J. about the case of FUCHS, who is employed on atomic research. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I discussed with Hollis a paper which we are putting forward on the "ola" and "new"! 
('Hollis', 'I')  I wished that Travis, would discuss with Hollis in Melbourne when he got there on 9th February, the question of approaching U.S.C.I.B. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I attended the Hollis Cormittee, which was concerning itself more with organisation in time of war. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I saw Helsby and took him a draft letter to Trunan embodying the information received from Hollis about the progress of Australian security. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I discussed with Hollis a letter we are drafting to Ministries in regard to the vetting of the 150,000 industrials. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I had a further discussion with Dick and Hollis about overseas matters, with a view to clarifying our ideas. 
('Hollis', 'I')  Hollis, Dick and I gave Sir Frederick Shedden lunch, and I had a long discussion with him in the afternoon. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I discussed with Hollis the line we should take about the Security Executive at next Wednesday's meeting. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I had a talk with Hollis about the case of one [redacted], a compositor (?) 
('Hollis', 'I')  Hollis, Marriott and I went up to speak at the annual Scottish Detective Officers' Conference in Edinburgh. 
('Hollis', 'I')  Mitchell pointed out, and was supported by Hollis, that there were, certainly now and to a large extent at the time, many other projects of equal, if not greater, secrecy and importance than the atomic bomb, and that even today, in Category I there were no less than 61,000 employees. 
('Hollis', 'I')  Colonel Knight was interested in security matters generally and I passed him on to Hollis. 
('Hollis', 'I')  -------------- I held a meeting to-day with Hollis, Furnival-Jones, Perfect, Holmes, Oughton and Mann on the question of Police vetting. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I had a long discussion with Dick and Hollis. 
('Hollis', 'I')  The only man I think who could be of any real help in the present circumstances would be Hollis, which would mean having two Directors in B. 
('Hollis', 'I')  Division would not want another Director, in which case we should have to find someone else for C. Division on the assumption that Hollis would be the right man to assist Dick in B. I have arranged a meeting for to-morrow and have asked Dick to come up from Barrow Elm. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I talked this matter over with Hollis. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I told Mellor that I had looked through the files and that I had also discussed his complaint in some detail with Hollis. 
('Hollis', 'I')  Hollis, Graham Mitchell and I represented this office. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I discussed the question of the reorganisation of the Admiralty Dock Police with Holmes and Hollis. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I have asked Holmes to talk to Hollis. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I spoke to Hollis who arranged for Pelling to go down to Plymouth. 
('Hollis', 'I')  Hollis and I expressed the view that such officers were not fitted to take over a Senior officer's job until they had been back here for about two years. 
('Hollis', 'I')  Hollis feels, and I agree, that this practice should cease, the more so since security in the Ministry of Supply is lamentable. 
('Hollis', 'I')  Dick and Hollis, and I had a long talk about the Middle East. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I told Dick and Roger about this conversation and suggested that Hollis should ring up Rumbold at the War Office and tell him what had transpired. 
('Hollis', 'I')  Hollis and I saw Leggett today. 
('Hollis', 'I')  I dined with Roger Hollis who has returned after a long illness. 
('Hollis', 'I')  Neither Hollis nor I think that there is any evidence to show that the policy of the Soviet Govt. 
('I', 'Viv')  72 I had a meeting with Viv,	Philby and 		at Broadway, about the representatives of the R.C.M.P., who wanted our assistance in vetting immigrants from this country and from the Continent. 
('I', 'Viv')  I told him that Kenneth Strong was unable to give him any employment in J.I.B., but that if he were going to Malaya or Java he would be glad to establish local contact, since rubber was a subject in which his department was interested Viv rang me up to ask me whether I had been Jenkin's letter in the Pakistan Times, to which the answer is "I'll say"!! 
('I', 'Viv')  Viv rang me up to know whether I had heard or Thakin Nu's arrival in London. 
('I', 'Viv')  Viv rang me up to ask me whether I had seen Jenkin's letter in the Pakistan Times, to which the answer is "I'll say"!! 
('I', 'Viv')  14th October Viv rang me up to know whether I had heard or Thakin Nu's arrival in London. 
('I', 'Viv')  I went over to see Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  wanted me to go direct to c. but I told him that I would much prefer to see Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I spent nearly an hour and a half with Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I pointed out to Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I asked Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I had a long talk with Viv., who is much disturbed about a let er I wrote to him in which I expressed the view that our officer should have a greater measure of freedom in making contact with officers in S.I.S. 
('I', 'Viv')  I have also shown him the papers in the TETLOW case, where Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I told Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I lunched with Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I told Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I told Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I asked Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  had got Swinton to telegraph to Stephenson and had then sent a copy of the telegram to C. I explained to Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I had a long talk with Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I also told Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I talked about the amalgamation scheme with Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I have recommended that Section V. should come up to S.J., and that Viv and myself, Dick and Felix should form a Planning and Organising Committee with a right to operate in the whole field of C.E and that there should be an exchange of files between all sections on the understanding that they do not leave the custody of the department which owns them. 
('I', 'Viv')  August 30th I spent four hours talking to Viv.at* St. Albans about A.C.E. 
('I', 'Viv')  I had the impression that Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I am quite sure that loyalty to Felix and the organisation tut he has built up is influencing Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I also discussed with Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  Haylor and I had a meeting with Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I spoke to Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  Charles is going to look into this, I had a meeting at Broadway with C. Dansey Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I had another meeting at Broadway with C. and Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I then said both to C. and Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I told Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I had a conversation on the telephone with Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  In the ordinary way I should have felt inclined to put the full facts to C. or Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  September 21st I had a long conversation with Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I had thought so too when we drank a glass of port to celebrate the new arrangement but that during the course of that after- noon I had been disillusioned, after seeing C. and Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  when I saw C. and Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  that I had seen Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  He thought I should tell D-C what Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  October 1st I discussed with J.C. a really pathological letter which I have received from Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I suggested to Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I said that I did not think it was as simple as that, as I had already an an interview with C. and Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  823 I have sent off a letter to Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I am asking Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I am fright- fully sorry for Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I gather that C. did not demur at any of the D.G.s criticisms and agreed that e should have a free hand to settle matters with Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  Viv, talked to me about the case of HUMFHREYS which I had brought to his notice. 
('I', 'Viv')  Mucn of it has been inaccurate I told Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I undertook to speak to Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I had a talk with Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  Catalogue Reference:KV/4/190 926 I had a meeting with Viv., A. 
('I', 'Viv')  I had a talk with Viv. 
('I', 'Viv')  I was not present at the meeting although I believe Viv. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I have arranged with Horrocks for Kahn to visit the registry. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  The only possible job that I could see is director of organisation and the registry if Horrocks goes. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  Horrocks, Adam, Byrde, Vesey, Strong and I discussed the vetting of American immigration. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I had a meeting with Charles, Horrocks, Dick, Ede, Clayton and Kellar to discuss administrative matters in connection with SIFE and SIME. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  Horrocks, Dick, Harker, Hollis and I attended a meeting of the DGS to discuss future staff. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  Horrocks has adopted some of my suggestions and I think that with a full explanation by heads of Divisions on the question of carding, it can go out in its present form. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I gave Horrocks copy of a note on the Secretariat and said I hoped this matter could be seriously discussed. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  DG seemed reluctant to make a decision and suggested that Horrocks and I should work the matter out between us. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I so informed Charles and Horrocks. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  Horrocks was apparently worried at his letter being quoted, although exactly why I do not know. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I told him what Horrocks had said. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  Later, the D.G., Horrocks , Dick and I had a meeting and decided to offer him D.S.O. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  Horrocks came in while I was talking to Dick. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I had spoken about this to Horrocks on his return, and also I had discussed it with Potter, who seemed to think it was a good idea. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  7th January I had a meeting with Harry Allen, Horrocks, Roger, Stanley Strong and Adam about the vetting of civil servants. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I had a talk with Horrocks about a draft note which I was proposing to put up to the D.G. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I am passing it to Horrocks and Potter for their comments. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I had a long conversation with Horrocks about the Appointments Board. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I discussed with Horrocks and Charles the pay of the Scientific Section and we con- sidered the appointment of a D.I.B. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I told him that his representations about pay were in the hands of Horrocks, and that he would be discussing the matter with the D.G. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  After the D.G's meeting Dick, Horrocks and I discussed with the D.G. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I had a discussion with Charles and Horrocks, at which Courtenay was present, about allow- ances in the Far East. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I told him that his representations about pay were in the hands of Horrocks, and that he would be discussing the matter with the D.G. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  After the D.G's meeting Dick, Horrocks and I discussed with the D.G. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I had a discussion with Charles and Horrocks, at which Courtenay was present, about allow- ances in the Far East. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I told him that his representations about pay were in the hands of Horrocks, and that he would be discussing the matter with the D.G. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  After the D.G's meeting Dick, Horrocks and I discussed with the D.G. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I discussed with Malcom Cumming, Charles and Horrocks the question of Briscoe's position vis a vis Hedger. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I suggested that he should go and see Horrocks. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I have established with the D.C. and Horrocks that for the time being Perfect should take over Kirby Green's duties in addition to his own. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I spoke to Horrocks and suggested that we might sent a Palestine Police Registry officer from the Middle East, who was in charge of S.I.M.E. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I had a discussion with Dick, Horrocks, Mitchell, M.E., Marriott and Martin about our meeting with S.I.S. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I urged Horrocks to arrange another Appointments Board at the earliest possible moment. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I had a meeting on the War Book, when I endeavoured to get some rough idea of the numbers that would be required for our expansion scheme Meanwhile, Horrocks is to closely examine his lists. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  Horrocks, Dick, Charles and I had a discussion to-day on the D.G's request about the Overseas Division. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick, Kellar and Horrocks on the subject of joint C.E. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I had a discussion with Horrocks, Charles, Dick and Roger on overseas matters. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I have arranged with Horrocks for FINGAL to receive a bonus for his overtime. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I asked whether Kellar had been conduited about this and was assured by Horrocks that he had been. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  Horrocks, I gather, had budgeted for a considerable increase in personnel, officers and O.Rs, including the Registry, but his figures were not very realistic, since nobody imagined that we should have this personnel by 1st April. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I asked Horrocks how he was getting on with his enquiries about the Police Officers who it is proposed should be seconded. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  -------------- I spoke to Horrocks and told him that I wanted a cockshy war plan for discussion on Wednesday, since I did not wish this matter to drag over the holidays. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I have spoken to Horrocks to-day about getting on with our war chart. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  At the Appointments Board meeting to-day I tola Horrocks that I wanted to discuss both the staffing of R.S.L.Os and the L.R.C. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  Horrocks, to whom I talked, said that he could arrange for a coding of the reports already made by a team in the Registry, provided they could do it in their own time. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  Horrocks then quoted the case of Registry supervisors who were carrying quasi-officer functions in overseas stations, There may be a point here, but I am not sure whe is really a valid one. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  There is, I am afraid, no hope of getting these things right until Horrocks leaves, and there is no doubt in my mind that his successor will have a formidable task, involving the breaking of many heads, before things can be straightened out. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  His present proposal was that when Horrocks and I leave, the three main Directors should be B., C. and D.O.S., that Establishments should be down- graded to Assistant Director, and that three or four Assistant Directors should assist the Directors of B. and C, and presumably O.S. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  I told Horrocks that I thought that, had we acted a little earlier we might have got the cases for Kenya flown out, but that in the present circumstances we had no alternative but to send them to Mombasa. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  is writing an long memo about our relations with Section V. Harker, Charles and Horrocks have seen it but I have not. 
('Horrocks', 'I')  smemo and told him that altho/ Harker, Butler and Horrocks had seen it I had not. 
('Curry', 'I')  Curry talked to me about the redraft of his office organisation plan, with which I am broadly in agreement. 
('Curry', 'I')  Dick, Curry and I had a further discussion on office organisation. 
('Curry', 'I')  I have informed only TAR, Roger, Curry and Kellar. 
('Curry', 'I')  I saw Curry this morning. 
('Curry', 'I')  I had a long talk with Curry about reorganisation and the suggestion that I might possibly be DDG. 
('Curry', 'I')  I asked Curry if he would define the charter of DDG since my view was that it was important that is the appointment existed it should not be a backwater. 
('Curry', 'I')  Dick, Curry, John Noble and I gave a dinner to Sloane who is returning to Czechoslovakia. 
('Curry', 'I')  Curry has rewritten his chapter 4 and wants me to vet it, particularly in regard to the part that I played in the early days of the war in co-ordinating the work of the various divisions. 
('Curry', 'I')  I have drafted a note Curry showing what I believe to be the causes of the confusion in this office in the early months of the There were many contributory causes but the predominant factor was undoubtedly a lack of trained staff without which no proper organisation on a decentralised basis was possible. 
('Curry', 'I')  I rather gather that he thought of telling Curry that there was nothing derogatory in working under Dick. 
('Curry', 'I')  Dick and I had a talk with Curry about his proposal that he should run straight intelligence. 
('Curry', 'I')  Dick and I continue to talk with Curry wha suggested that there should be two. 
('Curry', 'I')  I talked to Curry about the possibility of his taking on the secretariat. 
('Curry', 'I')  I had meeting with Dick, TAR, Curry, Vesey and Miss Wadeson on the Etappendienst and about the cases of JAKOBS and STREBEL. 
('Curry', 'I')  I saw Curry this morning and discussed with the Secretariat. 
('Curry', 'I')  Dick, Curry, Anthony and I discussed the case of Padgham. 
('Curry', 'I')  I have had a long discussion with Archer, Curry and Allan today about the possible sources of leakage through firms with German connections. 
('Curry', 'I')  I have had long discussions today with Curry and Stopford about office organisation. 
('Curry', 'I')  I discussed with Curry and Godfrey the question of sabotage. 
('Curry', 'I')  I have had another discussion with Curry about sabotage and the suggestion has been put forward that we might usefully collaborate with Crocker. 
('Curry', 'I')  I attended a meeting with Curry and Archer in General Taylor's room at the Ministry of Supply. 
('Curry', 'I')  Curry, Dick, Stopford and I visited SLAMA and had an interesting discussion. 
('Curry', 'I')  I have discussed with Dick and Curry Hankey's request for information about the arrest of enemy aliens and a suitable memo has been prepared. 
('Curry', 'I')  I discussed with Curry the question of Italian Consulates. 
('Curry', 'I')  and Dick and Curry, as I wanted Crocker to hear from M. the probable effect on S.B. 
('Curry', 'I')  I had a word with Curry about the case of LENIHAN. 
('Curry', 'I')  666 July 23rd I had a talk with Curry about the D.O.C.E meeting. 
('Curry', 'I')  673 I lunched with Curry and dined with T. A. R. On both occasions A.C.E. 
('Curry', 'I')  700 I lunched with Curry. 
('Curry', 'I')  At the same time I think Curry has made out a case for what one has always felt, namely that all intercepted material should be carefully co-related and studied by someone who is in close touch with the Chiefs of Staff. 
('Curry', 'I')  In reply Miss Sherer had written an acrimonious minute, and I thought that at this stage it was better to hand the whole correspondence over to Curry for arbitration. 
('Curry', 'I')  I lunched with Curry who told me that he had received an unsolicited visit from a representative of G.C. 
('Curry', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick and Curry about bringing Curry's work on the Abwehr up to date. 
('Curry', 'I')  802 September 26th I had a long conversation with Curry and Hart about the keeping up to date of Curry's work on the Abwehr. 
('Curry', 'I')  I entirely agree with this but I do not think that Curry in his memo ever implied any thing of the kind. 
('Curry', 'I')  I said that I would have to discuss this with Dick and also two other suggestions which Curry put up as to work he might usefully do. 
('Curry', 'I')  I had a talk with Curry on Research. 
('Curry', 'I')  I thought it possible thatif Italian ISOS came out Curry could combine a study of that product with his research work. 
('Curry', 'I')  Curry's report was discussed and it was agreed that I should see Cavendish Bentinc and draw his attention to the points raised by Curry regarding the operational significance of integrated C. E. material. 
('Curry', 'I')  Curry and I had a meeting with Cavendish Bentinck when ve discussed the presenta- tion of Curry's report to the J.I.C. 
('Curry', 'I')  Melland came over and Curry, Dick, Hart and I had a talk with him. 
('Curry', 'I')  934 Curry and I went over to see Melland. 
('Curry', 'I')  Dick, Curry and I went to Glenalmond. 
('I', 'John')  I discussed with John Noble his rather successful visit to GC & CS where he had seen Hastings and Catty. 
('I', 'John')  I saw John Cimperman. 
('I', 'John')  I discussed this matter with John Booth who before the invasion of Normandy was working. 
('I', 'John')  Dick, Curry, John Noble and I gave a dinner to Sloane who is returning to Czechoslovakia. 
('I', 'John')  I saw John Marriott's brother-in-law salmon. 
('I', 'John')  I am anxious that Patterson should complete his work on renegades as soon as possible in order that he can take over from John Noble and act as a receiving. 
('I', 'John')  I had a talk with John Cimperman. 
('I', 'John')  I talked to Charles about various problems, firstly OC, secondly John Adam and thirdly D and C divisions. 
('I', 'John')  I said I thought possibly John Mair might take over the London and if we got him. 
('I', 'John')  I am inclined to think that they are interested in the BJs since Sir John Stephenson rang me up later to say that he had had communication from S. Africa House indicating that there was certain information which we were apparently reluctant to give. 
('I', 'John')  I heard off the record from John Phipps that although Lawrence had handled the Russians extremely well and had got over all difficulties up to the present, there were many matters which had taken a long time to settle. 
('I', 'John')  I said that so far as I knew the Dominions Office had communicated to Sir John Maffey the terms on which the Control Commission were prepared to receive the prisoner back in Germany; I did not know what these terms were. 
('I', 'John')  I told the D.G, that Sir John Shaw had a very limited knowledge about the whole organisation and work, and that I doubted very much whether he had any idea what the head of S.I.M.E. 
('I', 'John')  I explained to him the position and said that I would take the first opportunity to introduce him both to Dan and to Sir John Stephenson. 
('I', 'John')  Cecil, Dick, John Gwyer and I discussed John's paper on Ireland to which we have made several amendments. 
('I', 'John')  Cecil, Dick, John Gwyer and I discussed John's paper on Ireland to which we have made several amendments. 
('I', 'John')  I had a long talk with John Marriott about GARBO and about the general progress we were making in our enquiries into Russian espionage. 
('I', 'John')  I asked John jarriott to ensure that the boolc had the agreement of S.I.S. 
('I', 'John')  I got Dick and John Marriott in. 
('I', 'John')  I discussed with Dick and John Marriott the case of Nilliam Norman EWER, Dick and I felt, and I think John agreed, that as it would be necessary to consult members of the Labour Party before taking any action, the matter was af very considerable delicacy and our action might be missunderstood. 
('I', 'John')  I told him that he was perfectly at liberty to discuss this problem with John Gwyer, and that he could tell Professor Butler that he had satisfied himself that an account of the work of the Security Service in the history of the war could only be made by the disclosure of vital information. 
('I', 'John')  I discussed with M.E, and John Marriott the proposals in an S.I.C. 
('I', 'John')  I talked to John Marriott and Derby about Derby feels fairly confident about bona fides. 
('I', 'John')  I dined with Sir John Shaw. 
('I', 'John')  I recommended to Thompson that he should discuss the matter with John Cimperman, as it seemed to me that subversive movements here could have little bearing on the work of the Embassy security officers abroad. 
('I', 'John')  [redacted] came over and I gave him the story about FUCHS, in the presence of Dick, John, James, Skardon, and Hill. 
('I', 'John')  -------------- Kim Philby came over and he, Dick, Roger, John Marriott, and I had A discussion about the F.B.I. 
('I', 'John')  -------------- I had a talk with John Marriott to-day. 
('I', 'John')  -------------- Ronnie Howe and I went to see Sir John Anderson, now Chairman of P.L.A. 
('I', 'John')  -------------- Alec and I went to see Sir John MacPherson, Governor of Nigeria, who is home on leave. 
('I', 'John')  Before leaving this country I had seen Sir John MacPherson, Governor of Nigeria, on the question of our representation in Lagos, and acquainted him with our staffing problems. 
('I', 'John')  I discussed with John Marriott end korton Evans the note on the potentialities of the Communist Party in time of war, a note on which has been requested by S.H.A.P.E. 
('I', 'John')  I asked John Marriott and Robertson about G. Circulars. 
('I', 'John')  I spoke to Hunt at No.10 about "Democratic German Report" and promised to send him a short note on John Scott PEET and on what we knew about the circulation of the Report. 
('I', 'John')  I gave John Shaw an account of the J.I.C. 
('I', 'John')  I said that I did not think there was any objection to sending them both through us and through Sir John Maffey. 
('I', 'John')  Cecil and I went to the D.C. to attend a meeting at which Sir John Maffey was present. 
('I', 'John')  I saw John Maude after his return from Tunbridge. 
('I', 'John')  In the afternoon I rang up John Maude. 
('I', 'John')  Nobody seems to think very much of the remainder of the Embassy staff except perhaps of John Foster who I believe has been quite a success. 
('I', 'John')  I spoke to C. about a plan which John Senter had put to me for testing out the reliability of the Fighting French forces at headquarters, which S.O.E. 
('Charles', 'I')  I went down and saw Charles immediately and repeated to him what Desmond Orr had told me. 
('Charles', 'I')  I have spoken to Charles about this. 
('Charles', 'I')  We had a long staff meeting I told Charles that SIS had agreed to pay half Miss Shipley's salary and half Miss Glass's. 
('Charles', 'I')  I had a meeting with Charles, Horrocks, Dick, Ede, Clayton and Kellar to discuss administrative matters in connection with SIFE and SIME. 
('Charles', 'I')  I talked to Charles about various problems, firstly OC, secondly John Adam and thirdly D and C divisions. 
('Charles', 'I')  It large sums were involved I invariably consulted Charles Butler. 
('Charles', 'I')  I told Charles Butler that I had had a long discussion with the D.G. 
('Charles', 'I')  I so informed Charles and Horrocks. 
('Charles', 'I')  I had a meeting with Harker, Charles and Harry about the future title of the office. 
('Charles', 'I')  11th October 1946 I discussed Ede's position with him and with Charles. 
('Charles', 'I')  17th October 1946 I went over the accounts with Charles and Miss Constant. 
('Charles', 'I')  Charles, Dick, Ede, Kirby Green, Spencer and I discussed the question of Trinidad and the withdrawal of Tufnell-Barrett. 
('Charles', 'I')  I had a meeting with Charles, Dick, Alec and others in preparation for the subsequent one at the War Office on our military ceiling. 
('Charles', 'I')  Howe gave a lunch to Harker at the Dorchester, at which Charles and I were present. 
('Charles', 'I')  I told him that I had had a rather vague hint from the Middle East - I was referring to Horrocks's letter to Charles - that KELLAR for some reason or other was not acceptable as the head of S.I.M.E. 
('Charles', 'I')  I discussed with Kellar and Charles Butler the possibility of finding someone for Iraq. 
('Charles', 'I')  I discussed with Horrocks and Charles the pay of the Scientific Section and we con- sidered the appointment of a D.I.B. 
('Charles', 'I')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Charles', 'I')  I had a discussion with Charles and Horrocks, at which Courtenay was present, about allow- ances in the Far East. 
('Charles', 'I')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Charles', 'I')  I had a discussion with Charles and Horrocks, at which Courtenay was present, about allow- ances in the Far East. 
('Charles', 'I')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Charles', 'I')  I discussed with Malcom Cumming, Charles and Horrocks the question of Briscoe's position vis a vis Hedger. 
('Charles', 'I')  I had a meeting about the war Book with Charles, Dick, Roger and Hill. 
('Charles', 'I')  Dick, Roger, Charles and I all felt that this step was organisationally unsound and that if B.3 were manned and the B.3 sections properly staffed the D.G. 
('Charles', 'I')  Horrocks, Dick, Charles and I had a discussion to-day on the D.G's request about the Overseas Division. 
('Charles', 'I')  I had a discussion with Horrocks, Charles, Dick and Roger on overseas matters. 
('Charles', 'I')  thought I should speak either to Sir Charles Jeffries or to the Establishment officer. 
('Charles', 'I')  I saw Sir Charles Jeffries and took with me a note by Money of this office about one, a Colonial Office official, who had been reading top secret documents in the train going down to Tonbridge. 
('Charles', 'I')  I also spoke about the case of Elwell, who is going to Jugo-Slavia for a holiday to stay with Charles Peake, The D.G. 
('Charles', 'I')  I had a discussion today with Charles and Harker about the future meeting with Hankey. 
('Charles', 'I')  Harker is to take over with Charles as his Deputy and myself as B. I am terribly sorry for D.S.S. 
('Charles', 'I')  I lunched with Desmond Morton, Jasper and Charles. 
('Charles', 'I')  I said that I thought a small number of trained detective inspectors would be useful to supplement the work of other officers, I did not think however that there would be many cases which they could investigate throughout the country entirely on their own William Charles mentioned the Manchester Letter as a type of case which could well have been handled by a police officer. 
('Charles', 'I')  is writing an long memo about our relations with Section V. Harker, Charles and Horrocks have seen it but I have not. 
('Charles', 'I')  I lunched with Hamish Mitchell, Charles Watson and Hill-Wood. 
('Charles', 'I')  741 I had a discussion with Charles about O.C. 
('Charles', 'I')  Charles is going to look into this, I had a meeting at Broadway with C. Dansey Viv. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I do not know to what extent Maxwell pressed the case or Sillitoe beyond the fact that he urged him to accept the appointment if it were offered to him. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I recommended her to speak to Maxwell and to make sure that further representations were made that on no account should the girl be sent back to Russia. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I suggested to the DG that we should write a strong letter to Maxwell and that I should also see Caccia. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I spoke to the DG and showed him a draft letter to Maxwell about the American visa, which he agreed to sign. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I saw Maxwell today and discussed with him the American visa. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I would, however, speak to Maxwell. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  10th October 1946 I saw Maxwell today and talked to him about the abolition of the visa. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I took the yearly retention of warrants over to Maxwell. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  As there might be supplementary questions, I thought Maxwell should be informed. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I saw Maxwell about the Communists at the B.B.C. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I saw Maxwell and gave him an account of the Bad Nenndorf incident and Campbell's approach to us. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I saw Maxwell on four points. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I saw Sir Raymond Birchall on the various points which I had raised with Maxwell about the handling or telechecks, etc. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I sent to see Maxwell about PUTLITZ'S naturalisation. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I saw Sir Alexander Maxwell to-day. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I saw Maxwell on cases. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  8th November I saw Maxwell about the Communists at the B.B.C. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I saw Maxwell and gave him an account of the Bad Nenndorf incident and Campbell's approach to us. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I saw Maxwell on four points. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I saw Sir Raymond Birchall on the various points which I had raised with Maxwell about the handling of telechecks, etc. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I sent to see Maxwell about PUTLITZ'S naturalisation. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I saw Sir Alexander Maxwell to-day. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I saw Maxwell on cases. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  As there might be supplementary questions, I thought Maxwell should be informed. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  8th November I saw Maxwell about the Communists at the B.B.C. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I saw Maxwell and gave him an account of the Bad Nenndorf incident and Campbell's approach to us. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  Nor do I think that Maxwell and Ferguson are going to improve matters. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I said that the internment or release of enemy aliens was primarily the concern of the security service and to ignore the security records in dealing with their case struck me as being the height of insanity He said that the matter had been discussed between Maxwell and Sir Ernest Holderness and that we had agreed to our records being ignored. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I am going to try and draft some letter to Maxwell on this subject. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I then proposed to send off a letter to Maxwell explaining our difficulties in this respect and requesting that something should be done to establish general principles which will cut down the work of this office and prevent endless cases being sent over here to be treated on their merits. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I thought that Maxwell and Peake realised that there were difficulties, but I doubt very much whether they will take any steps to solve them in our sense. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  's instructions I telephoned to Maxwell about Unity Mitford suggesting that both she and her mother and sister should be thoroughly searched on arrival, the search in the case of Unity only to take place if the M.O. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I arranged to go and see Maxwell between 7-8 p.m. tonight. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I reminded Maxwell once more that since Unity was such a public figure there might be considerable criticism if she were left at large. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I have drafted a letter for the General's signature to Maxwell saying that from correspondence received it would appear that the matter had reached an impasse and urging strongly that something should be done to formulate a new regulation under DR if 55 is not considered adequate. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  tells me that Maxwell has refused to consider our representations about the internment of 500 members of the B.F. Later I had a long conversation with Newsam. 
('I', 'Maxwell')  I saw Maxwell this afternoon about the case. 
('Archer', 'I')  I told him that Norman Archer was saying on the advice of Boland that the IRA were in funds, Roger Moore thought this was extremely doubtful. 
('Archer', 'I')  I had a discussion today with Harry, Dick, T.A.R., Archer and Miss Clay. 
('Archer', 'I')  I asked Archer to take this up with the Registry. 
('Archer', 'I')  I talked to Harry Allen and Archer about A.L.Os. 
('Archer', 'I')  I described to them more or less the basic functions of the office and they subsequently had talks with Harry Allen, Jo Archer, Hollis and Dick/ 11th February. 
('Archer', 'I')  While I thought that technically Mrs. Archer had not got a leg to. 
('Archer', 'I')  (iii) I think that Harker was to a large extent to blame; but for his incompetence the situation would never have arised, and he had, moreover, over a period of many years, encouraged frank criticism from Jane Archer. 
('Archer', 'I')  While I thought that technically Mrs. Archer had not got a leg to (iii) I think that Harker was to a large extent to blame; but for his incompetence the situation would never have arised and he had, moreover, over a period of many years, encouraged frank criticism from Jane Archer. 
('Archer', 'I')  While I thought that technically Mrs. Archer had not got a leg to 117 (iii) I think that Harker was to a large extent to blame; but for his incompetence the situation would never have arised and he had, moreover, over a period of many years, encouraged frank criticism from Jane Archer. 
('Archer', 'I')  I spoke to Archer when I told him the position. 
('Archer', 'I')  I saw Archer and gave him the latest information from Australia. 
('Archer', 'I')  I thought we might perhaps try and get a bit clearer on this point by talking to Jane Archer, who handled the matter. 
('Archer', 'I')  Although I spoke to Dunlop who said that he was tech- nically inviolable, I asked him to forget the conversation and arrange for Archer to go down and have a look. 
('Archer', 'I')  We are going to have him searched and interrogated when he comes back, and I have written to Archer about it. 
('Archer', 'I')  I am inclined to doubt the bona fides of this man and have written again to Archer. 
('Archer', 'I')  I think I succeeded in convincing him that our relations with Archer of the Ministry of Defence were of a very frank nature and that if any Intelligence Service were set up in Eire and happen to go wrong we might lose his assistance, which was of great value to us in getting reports on the activities of Germans in that country. 
('Archer', 'I')  I gave Grieg a brief summary of our/relations with Archer in case he happened to come across him, but said that I thought it would be better if he did not refer to our liaison in any conversations with Archer. 
('Archer', 'I')  I have had a long discussion with Archer, Curry and Allan today about the possible sources of leakage through firms with German connections. 
('Archer', 'I')  Archer has collected a lot of data which I hope may help us to get qualified enemy alien technicians intered. 
('Archer', 'I')  There is already a body in existence called the Irish Neutrality League which from the leaflets Archer sent must be very near the I.R.A. 
('Archer', 'I')  I have spoken to Dulanty who has promised to try and get Archer over early next week. 
('Archer', 'I')  I telephoned to Dulanty who is trying to arrange for Archer to come over to discuss a number of problems including the coast. 
('Archer', 'I')  I gather that when Archer returns and a report has been received from our N.A., Eden is to press for a visit by Archer to this country. 
('Archer', 'I')  I told him that I had read his memorandum for discussion with Archer and that I thought that certain things in it might give offence to the Irish. 
('Archer', 'I')  I am taking this up and suggesting that we should have an official courier otherwise cooperation with Archer will be a very difficult matter. 
('Archer', 'I')  I spoke to Dixon about the Eire bags and suggested that we should have a special courier in future in view of the extremely delicate nature of our correspondence with Archer. 
('Archer', 'I')  I have asked Archer to go into this. 
('Archer', 'I')  I had a discussion with Archer about the Oxford Instrument Company. 
('Archer', 'I')  I have asked Archer to let us know if he comes to notice in Eire and after due consideration it has been decided that there is no purpose in having Tavistock searched when he returns. 
('Archer', 'I')  I attended a meeting with Curry and Archer in General Taylor's room at the Ministry of Supply. 
('Archer', 'I')  I introduced Rothschild to Archer. 
('Archer', 'I')  I gave him the information that we had obtained from Archer. 
('Archer', 'I')  I hope ultimately we may get some information from Archer. 
('Archer', 'I')  I had a talk this afternoon with Joe Archer Bennett and Victor. 
('Archer', 'I')  I had a talk with Joe Archer. 
('Archer', 'I')  I suggested that possibly Joe Archer might go down and have a look at the place. 
('Archer', 'I')  November 9th I had a talk with Inspector White of MAP and Joe Archer about the BOSWORTH case. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  I saw Stanbury who was working under Joe Stephenson in Hamburg. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  I am inclined to think that they are interested in the BJs since Sir John Stephenson rang me up later to say that he had had communication from S. Africa House indicating that there was certain information which we were apparently reluctant to give. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  I told Stephenson that we were trying to draw them on this point and we would come as clean as we could. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  I explained to him the position and said that I would take the first opportunity to introduce him both to Dan and to Sir John Stephenson. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  I told him that I would give him an introduction to Bill Stephenson, who might possibly be able to help him. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  He is going to Jamaica, I told him that I would give him an introduction to Bill Stephenson, who might possibly be able to help him. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  He is going to Jamaica, I told him that I would give him an introduction to Bill Stephenson, who might possibly be able to help him. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  I saw Sir Ralph Stephenson, Ambassador to Cairo, in the D.G's absence, with Shaw. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  I saw Stephenson with D.O.S. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  Stephenson was formerly in the I.C.S. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  Stephenson, I think, made it clear that he could not possibly be executive in that sense. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  I said to Stephenson on that while I realised that some thing of the [obfuscated] would be necessary, I thought Generai Robertson was again making an analogy with Germany, where of course he had the full co-operation of the German Police Force; the British element merely giving direction and guidance. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  I informed Stephenson D.O. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  V. V said a little inconvincingly I think that that was not the case but that owing to a letter that he had receivedfrom C., Stephenson was extremely nettled at the criticisms which had been levelled at his organisation for not keeping us informed about the Kloe K. case. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  that there were moments when I wondered how Felix would be received, and that although it was not my business I did feel that if I went alone I could probably carry both Stephenson and the F.B.I. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  I think on broad lines that he is right although it might well be argued that Stephenson probably already knows that there is a good deal of German espionage going on in Rio. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  had got Swinton to telegraph to Stephenson and had then sent a copy of the telegram to C. I explained to Viv. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  Stephenson has sent a wire saying that he is glad that I have at last accepted his long-standing invitation. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  had replied that it was quite obvious that Stephenson and I would have to discuss every possible aspect of the work from every angle. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  I saw Stephenson later in the day and was introduced to Wren and others. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  I gather from Stephenson however that there is nothing in this and that Coit explained it all before he was taken on. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  I suggested that Madement should get Stephenson to see Hoover in order to obtain his permission for some measure of elasticity to be applied to the agreement. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  I did not put forward the suggestion that Stephenson should be given a mandate from the Security Service. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  September 3rd I had a meeting with Stopford, Matthews and Joe Stephenson about the PAIR FISHIING Co. which employs Spanish fisherman and runs boats from Milford Haven which fish off the coast of Eire. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  I also talked to him about America again told me that the whole thing was in tas melting pot and that possibly Stephenson misht give up S.O.E. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  I heard that Stephenson is coming over from New York. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  I saw Stephenson for a moment afterwards. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  He told me that he had had several hours with Duff-Cooper who I gather is in favour of Stephenson holding a mandate for the Security Service. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  I explained to Duff that I thought Stephenson could carry this with advantage if he were made our repre- sentative. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  I was really rather in despair at the end of this, meeting D.G., Stephenson and myself lunced together and had a large glass of port each to the new arrangement. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  I said that our idea was to communicate in one-time table, that the position of Stephenson as representing the Security Service in the Caribbean area had been settled but that S.I.S. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  D.G.s view with which I entirely agree is that had we been in direct touch with Stephenson we should have merely telegraphed to him saying that we proposed to send out Rothschild to discuss the sabotage case- and unless he registered a protest within 48 hours, Rothschild would have gone, and would have been back by now. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  I said that if he was going to propose this I hoped he would let us know as we were not particularly keen on being landed with Stephenson. 
('I', 'Stephenson')  I said that I did not think he could blame Stephenson for this. 
('Hayter', 'I')  'C' was in the chair: the three D's of I., Drew, Wingate and Hayter were present. 
('Hayter', 'I')  and I took Hayter to lunch and after- wards he had talks with Dick, Hollis and Kellar. 
('Hayter', 'I')  I want on to see Hayter, who took a much graver view. 
('Hayter', 'I')  I could get this point Hayter eventually spoke up and said that he would like to discuss this matter at some future date. 
('Hayter', 'I')  I have already approached Hayter on this subject. 
('Hayter', 'I')  returned from Scotland and I told him about my interview with Bridges and with Hayter. 
('Hayter', 'I')  I lunched with Hayter. 
('Hayter', 'I')  I have, therefore, passed the draft letter to Hayter to the D.G. 
('Hayter', 'I')  Hayter made a mental note of this, but did not commit himself, and I have no doubt saw the red light! 
('Hayter', 'I')  Off the record I had previously spoken to Hayter, suggesting that future Chairmen and Secretaries should do a course with the J.I.C. 
('Hayter', 'I')  I lunched with Hayter We talked a good deal about things in general and particularly about Russia told him that well the proposal of the J.I.C. 
('Hayter', 'I')  I have, therefore, passed the draft letter to Hayter to the D.G. 
('Hayter', 'I')  Hayter made a mental note of this, but did not commit himself, and I have no doubt saw the red light! 
('Hayter', 'I')  Off the record I had previously spoken to Hayter, suggesting tha future Chairmen and Secretaries should do a course with the J.I.C. 
('Hayter', 'I')  I lunched with Hayter We talked a good deal about things in general and particularly about Russia. 
('Hayter', 'I')  I have, therefore, passed the draft letter to Hayter to the D.G. 
('Hayter', 'I')  Hayter made a mental note of this, but did not commit himself, and I have no doubt saw the red light! 
('Hayter', 'I')  26th January 28th January Hayter, 'C' and I discussed the Washington case of leakage from our Embassy there in 1945. 
('Hayter', 'I')  Hayter had insisted on taking out the paragraphs which I had inserted. 
('Hayter', 'I')  I therefore proposed to see Hayter. 
('Hayter', 'I')  I saw William Hayter there and expressed to him my misgivings about his telegram. 
('Hayter', 'I')  I drafted a telegram accordingly and got it agreed by both Hayter and 'C'. 
('Hayter', 'I')  I passed this on to 'C' and to Hayter. 
('Hayter', 'I')  I had a meeting with Hayter about KRAVCHENKO, who David Vesey tells me is anxious to pay a visit to this country. 
('Hayter', 'I')  I have passed this on to Hayter, with a request for an answer by Thursday, when Desond Vesey will be revisiting Paris. 
('Hayter', 'I')  This attitude is particularly irritating and I am rather inclined to have it out with William Hayter,when he returns, and 'C'. 
('Hayter', 'I')  As regards JIC (ME), Hayter did not think that the Chairman was entirely adequate, and I gather that some change may be made. 
('Hayter', 'I')  to-day I told Hayter that we were contemplating a round-up of Poles. 
('Hayter', 'I')  I also told Hayter about Admiral Nimitz. 
('Hayter', 'I')  I so informed Hayter. 
('Hayter', 'I')  Hayter had conversatbons with the O.P.C (Offive of Policy Co-ordination), which is the "cola" war department and the opposite number of I.R.D. 
('Hayter', 'I')  I told Hayter that the D.G. 
('Hayter', 'I')  Hayter had previously told me that our proposed action had the approval of the Foreign Office, but was anxious that I should clear it at the meeting with the Services. 
('Hayter', 'I')  The extent to which information on the International Communist Movement is being collated and disseminated, for one reason or another, by a whole host of different bodies, has readhed a somewhat critical stage, Something will have to be done to rationalise the position, We did draft a letter to Hayter some time ago, but it was withheld in order to see whether our improved relations with I.R.D. 
('I', 'Stephens')  I then talked about the naturalisation of certain Germans whom Stephens wants to employ in CSDIC. 
('I', 'Stephens')  Dick and I took Stephens out to lunch. 
('I', 'Stephens')  I told him about our talk with Stephens. 
('I', 'Stephens')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('I', 'Stephens')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('I', 'Stephens')  I said that our main difficulty was to get into touch with Stephens, but that I would try and think of a way of doing this. 
('I', 'Stephens')  Dick and I took Stephens out to lunch. 
('I', 'Stephens')  I told him about our talk with Stephens. 
('I', 'Stephens')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('I', 'Stephens')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('I', 'Stephens')  I said that our main difficulty was to get into touch with Stephens, but that I would try and think of a way of doing this. 
('I', 'Stephens')  Dick and I took Stephens out to lunch. 
('I', 'Stephens')  I told him about our talk with Stephens. 
('I', 'Stephens')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('I', 'Stephens')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('I', 'Stephens')  I passed him on a message received from Stephens, that a prosecution of NKRUMA and his firm would be quite welcome in the Colony. 
('I', 'Stephens')  He mentioned a paper by Admiral Stephens, who I think is the American Naval Attache in Moscow, which suggests cutting off all supplies to Russia and the satellites, and also that if this were done the whole machine would crack and disintegrate. 
('I', 'Stephens')  Stephens and I went over to Paris, primarily to discuss liaison with the French in West Africa. 
('I', 'Stephens')  I shall endeavour to persuade Stephens to carry the S.L.C. 
('I', 'Stephens')  I said I would talk the matter over with Stephens and let him know the result on my return. 
('I', 'Stephens')  Upon my arrival in the Gold Coast I discussed with the Governor, Sir Chaites Arden Clarke, the possibility of transferring Rich to Lagos; and leaving Stephens to carry S.L.O. 
('I', 'Stephens')  On December 11th, Stephens and I left for Lagos, where we spent two days with Mr. 
('I', 'Stephens')  I have suggested to Stephens that if no progress can be made in this matter, he should recommend the issue of an ordinance, making it obligatory for all the holders of steel tubing to declare the amounts in their possession to the police. 
('I', 'Stephens')  While the task is not an easy one, I urged Stephens tactfully to persuade the Colonies to give their own documents the proper distribution. 
('I', 'Stephens')  I told Stephens that it was unnecessary to wire about local disturbances unless they appeared to be of particular gravity. 
('I', 'Stephens')  Stephens still thinks that it will be necessary to have four officers, but I am inclined to think that when the rationalisation of the work at Accra begins to take effect this may no longer be necessary, and that [redacted] could then be withdrawn. 
('I', 'Stephens')  I was impressed by what Stephens had done, but it was clear to me that through his personality and drive he had rather become the supreme Security authority in the area. 
('I', 'Stephens')  I am not worrying, because I think by the time Stephens has interrogated an alien in German (which neither of them understand) for two hours, they will find the proceed- ings very boring and give up the arrange- ment. 
('I', 'Stephens')  I had a discussion today with Dick and Stephens about exchange of prisoners. 
('I', 'Stephens')  said that there was to be a meeting in Newsam's room and would se send someone from B. I sent Stephens and told him to say exactly what he thought. 
('I', 'Stephens')  At about 6 o'clock Stephens had a telephone message asking that he and I should go up to the Privy Council to see Atlee and Greenwood. 
('I', 'Stephens')  Dick and I are seriously considering recommending that Stephens should go out in spite of the loss that he would be to us. 
('Felix', 'I')  I lunchea with Van Moyaand to-day and tola him that Felix Johnstone was to visit Phillips of Einthoven. 
('Felix', 'I')  I had a long meeting with Roger, F.J. and Felix Johnstone about the Phillips Group. 
('Felix', 'I')  I had a hasty talk with V. V. about the possibility of my going to America, and about our difficulties with Felix. 
('Felix', 'I')  It seemed fairly clear to me that Felix did not wish me to go to America since as I understood he had already made his arrange- ments. 
('Felix', 'I')  I told V.V that our relations with Felix were anything but satisfactory and that I earnestly wished to havea long talk with him about the whole position. 
('Felix', 'I')  that there were moments when I wondered how Felix would be received, and that although it was not my business I did feel that if I went alone I could probably carry both Stephenson and the F.B.I. 
('Felix', 'I')  and I think we have convinced him that from the point of view of secrecy we are not so irresponsible as Felix Cowgill would have him believe. 
('Felix', 'I')  We had never had any difficulty about it in the past when he himself had been in control of Section V. and that provided Felix would allow his subordinates to collaborate in a perfectly free and friendly manner I did not see why there should be any diffi- culty. 
('Felix', 'I')  I thought therefore that when Felix went to America and he took over it would go a long way to solving our difficulties if we could get together on these lines. 
('Felix', 'I')  Unfortunately the case of Lils PLESTED which I quoted turned out to be a bad egg, since according to Felix, Maunsell was informed but had apparently overlooked it. 
('Felix', 'I')  Our interest was a mutual one and I thought that whatever happened we ought to get the man over to England as soon as possible and that we should reserve judgment until we had heard his whole story Felix was evidently suffering from pro- fessional jealousy. 
('Felix', 'I')  Foley I understand is now to go over to Section V. I rather think this is a fast move by Felix to recruit staff under himself for the purpose of running his own agents. 
('Felix', 'I')  I discussed with Dick the case of Bovril and we both agreed that we ought to make a stand on the question of running XX agents in this country and also on the unreasonable attitude taken up by Felix in this particular case. 
('Felix', 'I')  I have again asked Ferguson to try and fix up a date with Felix for the discussion of the LITTLE case. 
('Felix', 'I')  April 2nd I had a discussion with Felix, Hale and Ivens about the LITTLE case. 
('Felix', 'I')  The main complaints were against Blunt and T. A. R. I explained that in so far as Blunt's relations with Mrs. Winterbottom yere concerned, thesehad been agreed in a letter which we had had from Felix. 
('Felix', 'I')  and I, with vick and Felix should discuss the feasibility of amalgamation. 
('Felix', 'I')  about Felix and showed him the letter I had received and my suggested reply. 
('Felix', 'I')  I have sent off my reply to Felix. 
('Felix', 'I')  I had lunch with C. when I showed him the whole of my correspondence with Felix. 
('Felix', 'I')  I gather that Felix thinks I am prejudiced an and that it is no use talking to me. 
('Felix', 'I')  that Dick and I were about the only people in the office who had supported Felix for many months. 
('Felix', 'I')  Felix thought that it was our job and proposed to tell his chief so if I agreed. 
('Felix', 'I')  I said that I was vem sorry to hear this but that I could not help feeling that Felix had brought a good deal of the trouble on himself. 
('Felix', 'I')  I argued that we had been faced with the difficulty of having our registry in the country but that everything was now running smoothly and that we had not suffered in consequence Felix said that all the telegrams came into St. Albans and that advance copies are sent 664 to other sections in Broadway, if they were concerned. 
('Felix', 'I')  seeing that Felix was obviously obstructing, thought that this might pave the way to a settlement, and to the explosion of what is largely a myth, I am This suggestion was accepted. 
('Felix', 'I')  While I had the greatest respect for Vivian and his work, I did feel that he was very inclined to listen to Felix and that owing to the difficulties that he had had with Dansey he had developed a system of over-canalising which preven- ted people from getting together about their problems. 
('Felix', 'I')  I have recommended that Section V. should come up to S.J., and that Viv and myself, Dick and Felix should form a Planning and Organising Committee with a right to operate in the whole field of C.E and that there should be an exchange of files between all sections on the understanding that they do not leave the custody of the department which owns them. 
('Felix', 'I')  and (b) that I, V.V., Felix and Dick should constitute a planning committee in the whole field of counter- espionage and (c) that files should be exchanged provided they did not technically leave the custody of either department. 
('Felix', 'I')  had come into being, I said I thought that all the necessary powers would be conferred if they constituted himself, my self, Dick and Felix as A.C.E. 
('Felix', 'I')  I am quite sure that loyalty to Felix and the organisation tut he has built up is influencing Viv. 
('Felix', 'I')  C. read out various notes which I imagine must have been prepared by Felix. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  I had a meeting with Charles, Horrocks, Dick, Ede, Clayton and Kellar to discuss administrative matters in connection with SIFE and SIME. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  The DG considered the reorganisation plans which had been worked out by Dick, Hollis, Horrocks and myself and has apparently objected strongly to the re-amalgamation of E and F by B. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  Horrocks, Dick, Harker, Hollis and I attended a meeting of the DGS to discuss future staff. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  at which Harker, Butler, Horrocks, Ede, Dick and myself were present. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  We had a meeting with Charles, Dick, Horrocks and B.3.b. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  Later, the D.G., Horrocks , Dick and I had a meeting and decided to offer him D.S.O. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  Horrocks came in while I was talking to Dick. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  We had a further meeting about India with Vickery, Dick and Horrocks. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  had a meeting with myself, Horrocks, and Dick, when we discussed the new plan for B. Divison. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  After the D.G's meeting Dick, Horrocks and I discussed with the D.G. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  We had a meeting with Colonel Adam, Hollis, Dick and Horrocks on the Communist Working Party It was decided that we should prepare a rather fuller note for the D.G. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  Since Alex is likely to be on the sick list for some months, we felt that Magan would have to go as Head of SIME, Dick has complete powers to arrange what he can with the High Commissioner, Kellar suggested that either Dick or, strangely, Horrocks should take over during his absence. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  We do not regard either as a solution, since Dick could not be spared and Horrocks would not really be suitable. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  had a meeting with myself, Horrocks, and Dick, when we discussed the new plan for B. Divison. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  After the D.G's meeting Dick, Horrocks and I discussed with the D.G. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  We had a meeting with Colonel Adam, Hollis, Dick and Horrocks on the Communist Working Party. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  Kellar suggested that either Dick or, strangely Horrocks should take over during his absence. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  We do not regard either as a solution, since Dick could not be spared and Horrocks would not really be suitable. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  had a meeting with myself, Horrocks, and Dick, when we discussed the new plan for B. Divison. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  After the D.G's meeting Dick, Horrocks and I discussed with the D.G. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  3rd January We had a long tneeting with the D.C., myself, Kellar, Mor Dick and Horrocks. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  met myself, Dick and Horrocks for our first discussion on the relations of M.I.5. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  I had a discussion with Dick, Horrocks, Mitchell, M.E., Marriott and Martin about our meeting with S.I.S. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  1st April Dick, Horrocks and Martin had a further discussion with me about the S.I.S. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  Horrocks, Dick, Charles and I had a discussion to-day on the D.G's request about the Overseas Division. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  I had a meeting with Dick, Kellar and Horrocks on the subject of joint C.E. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  I had a discussion with Horrocks, Charles, Dick and Roger on overseas matters. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  There was no real answer to this, except that Horrocks had asked Dick for any names. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  Jack Morton came in to discuss with Dick, Horrocks and myself a telegram from Leighton to say that he now only wants the services of Carrel for research work within the Malayan Union S.B. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  however suggested that Dick and Gibbs and possibly Horrocks should visit Glen- almond in order to satisfy themselves about the question of the move. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  At S.I.S's request Dick, Gibbs and Horrocks have examined the position at Glenalmond They are all agreed that Section V. can 692 move to London without dislocation and in fact with considerable advantages to themselves irrespective of the work they do for us. 
('Dick', 'Horrocks')  Felix, who has seen the D.G.s letter wants to see the reports by Dick, Gibbs and, Horrocks. 
('Brook', 'I')  I said that I should be seeing Norman Brook and 13. considering the whole position. 
('Brook', 'I')  9th October 1946 I saw Norman Brook and gave him Tangye 's report. 
('Brook', 'I')  17th January H111 and I went to see the Lord Chancellor; Norman Brook and Drew were present. 
('Brook', 'I')  I said that the 124 Foreign Office had a long established Press Department, and Norman Brook added that they appointed. 
('Brook', 'I')  I saw Sir Norman Brook. 
('Brook', 'I')  He is, I gather, to come on March 16th Normen Brook and Bridges are to be invited as well. 
('Brook', 'I')  There is apparently some suggestion that he should be given an additional post, I told Brook exactly what our assessment of the case was and where, in our opinion, the danger lay. 
('Brook', 'I')  I suggested that before reaching decision Brook should have a word with Sir Harold Parker, who would tell him about Tizard's interview with BLACKETT. 
('Brook', 'I')  It was agreed that each Division would prepare a memorandum on its aims and objects for the Norman Brook enquiry, and that I should brief the D.c. for Brook's visit when terms of reference are to be discussed. 
('Brook', 'I')  introduced the Directors and after I had explained my position to Brook, and the two sections, S.L.B. 
('Brook', 'I')  Brook wondered whether there was not too much emphasis B.1 rather than B.2, but I think was satisfied when it was explained him how much B.2 was dependent upon B.1. 
('Brook', 'I')  I spoke to Brook about SIGINT. 
('Brook', 'I')  Brook seemed to agree with what I said and will bear the point in mind when he visits Eastcote. 
('Brook', 'I')  Lastly, I talked to Brook about the relations between the Home Office and the Foreign Office. 
('Brook', 'I')  Brook seemed to agree entirely with what I said. 
('Brook', 'I')  I said that Norman Brook had of course been over here and seen a number of our officers when making his enquiry into the whole organisation. 
('Brook', 'I')  I cannot imagine what Brook is thinking about. 
('Brook', 'I')  I threw a fly over Brook by asking him how he was getting on with his report on the Intelligence organisation. 
('Brook', 'I')  I should take the matter up pretty forcibly with Norman Brook. 
('Brook', 'I')  (G) staff would be of the type which could be absorbed into a Government Intelligence Service, I understand that the question of a Government Intelligence Service does not refer to proposals in the Brook Committee Report, but to a matter under discussion by a Committee of P.U.Ss from the Services under the Chairmanship of Sir Harold Parker. 
('Brook', 'I')  I attended the Brook Corraittee meeting to-day, on which sir Harold Parker, Sir Robert Gould, Baker, Nicholis and Peck were present, Brook being in the Chair. 
('Brook', 'I')  Brook asked who would like to begin, and I suggested that the Committee might like to hear very brierly what we do, what degree of coverage we had, and something about our estimate of Party strength in the most important spheres. 
('Brook', 'I')  I saw Dicik and Marriot about the data which we are supplying to the Brook Committee to be incorporated in their report to the Defence Committee on Communism in this country. 
('Brook', 'I')  I told him that ever since the meeting of the Brook Committee we had been looking into this more carefully; that we had had previously had discussions with General Jacob, and that as soon as I got all the facts I was proposing to come over and see morman Brook. 
('Brook', 'I')  Brook was considering an approach to General Jacob and, with the D.G's approval, I proposed to see him and give him some background about our previous approaches. 
('Brook', 'I')  I went over to see Norman Brook about the B.B.C. 
('Brook', 'I')  I told Brook that we had already investigated a Foreign Office complaint in 1947 and 1948; that broadcasts to Eastern Europe were not in cordance with Foreign Office policy. 
('Brook', 'I')  I said to Brook while one frequently heard or a general smear over the B.B.C, one never sot any specific details or the talks complained of or the w[missing] is used. 
('Brook', 'I')  I instanced the case of IRD, who at the meeting of the Brook Committee had suggested that there was something seriously wrong with the "Listener". 
('Brook', 'I')  I mentioned this to B. who has spoken to Norman Brook. 
('Brook', 'I')  I spent the evening with Dren Brook, who is Wren's representative in Canada. 
('Brook', 'I')  I lunched with Brook Wilkinson, after seeing an American film depicting a spy ring in the U.K. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  I had a talk with Dick and Hollis on the formation of a Russian section. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  Dick, Hollis and I had a talk about reorganisation and personnel. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  The DG considered the reorganisation plans which had been worked out by Dick, Hollis, Horrocks and myself and has apparently objected strongly to the re-amalgamation of E and F by B. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  Horrocks, Dick, Harker, Hollis and I attended a meeting of the DGS to discuss future staff. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  I went through Horrocks' reorganisation chart with Dick and Hollis when we suggested a number of amendments. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  and I took Hayter to lunch and after- wards he had talks with Dick, Hollis and Kellar. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  Murpie called and was seen by myself, Brigadier Allen, Hollis and Dick White. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  I had a talk with Dick, Hollis, and F.J. about the case of FUCHS, who is employed on atomic research, The question of this man's establishment has come up. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  We had a meeting with Colonel Adam, Hollis, Dick and Horrocks on the Communist Working Party It was decided that we should prepare a rather fuller note for the D.G. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hollis, Tar. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  Dick White and Hollis came to see me. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hollis and Furnival Jones about the discussion at tomorrow J.C. on the Intelligence Division of the Control Commission in Germany. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  I had a talk with Dick, Hollis, and F.J. about the case of FUCHS, who is employed on atomic research. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  We had a meeting with Colonel Adam, Hollis, Dick and Horrocks on the Communist Working Party. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hollis, Tar, Mrs. Quinn, and Miss Russell King, about our relations with the Dutches. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  Dick White and Hollis came to see me. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hollis and Furnival Jones about the discussion at tomorrow J.I.C. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  8th December I had a talk with Dick, Hollis, and F.J. about the case of FUCHS, who is employed on atomic research. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  Dick told the meeting that Hollis has reported the formation of an Australian Security Service is now under way and that a man called REED has been a pointed the firat Director. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  I had a further discussion with Dick and Hollis about overseas matters, with a view to clarifying our ideas. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  Hollis, Dick and I gave Sir Frederick Shedden lunch, and I had a long discussion with him in the afternoon. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  I had a long discussion with Dick and Hollis. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  Hollis did not want him as a replacement for Bennett, and Dick was then asked if he could use him. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  Division would not want another Director, in which case we should have to find someone else for C. Division on the assumption that Hollis would be the right man to assist Dick in B. I have arranged a meeting for to-morrow and have asked Dick to come up from Barrow Elm. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  The Ambassador remarked to Dick that it was astonishing how opposition melted in front of him on matters which he, the Ambassador, had been plugging away at for months Roger Hollis has spoken to the D.G. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  and it was agreed that Serpell should put up a draft after consultation with Dick, Hollis, and myself. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  Both GUNDERSEN and [missing] had had talks with Dick White and Hollis, and [missing] is to see B.2. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  Dick and Hollis, and I had a long talk about the Middle East. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  I told Dick and Roger about this conversation and suggested that Hollis should ring up Rumbold at the War Office and tell him what had transpired. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  Johnny then went on to see Dick, Marriott, Robertson and Roger Hollis. 
('Dick', 'Hollis')  Discussed with Dick White, Sneath, M. and Hollis the question of the BUF and the Nordic League. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  I had a talk with Dick, Hollis, and F.J. about the case of FUCHS, who is employed on atomic research, The question of this man's establishment has come up. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  I had a talk with Dick, Hollis, and F.J. about the case of FUCHS, who is employed on atomic research. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  8th December I had a talk with Dick, Hollis, and F.J. about the case of FUCHS, who is employed on atomic research. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  I should have thought: (a) that we wanted to get FUCHS out of atomic energy and (b) that we did not wish to do anything which might encourage him to leave this country and to seek employment in the Eastern Zone of Germany, or in Russia. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  I had a further discussion with Marriott and Martin about the FUCHS case. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  I had a meeting with D.C., C.2, Martin and James Robertson about the FUCHS case, to try and clear our minds before high-level meeting to-morrow with Atomic Energy. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  On the whole I felt it might be better to try and edge FUCHS out and find him some other suitable job, rather than make any attempt to get him to confess, but this must be a question for Atomic Energy to decide. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  I had a long discussion with D.C., F.J. and others about FUCHS. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  Sir Edward Travis, Alexander of G.C.H.Q., Dick, Roger, Skardon and I discussed the FUCHS case from the technical angle. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  I reminded him of the origins of the FUCHS case, the conclusions we had reached by a careful process of elimination, and the final decision, after consultation with D. At. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  I explained to him that FUCHS had given us an opening by reporting to the Security Officer at Harwell that his father was now residing in the Soviet Zone of Germany, and that FUCHS had been informed that this in itself raised grave security issues which might jeopardise his continued employment at Harwell. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  I gave the P.M. a rough outline of the course of the interrogation, and told him that what FUCHS had said was really consistent either with his guilt or with his innocence. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  On the counter-espionage side, I think there is no doubt that 1f we had turned the heat on to FUCHS when he came back to this country, in the same way that we have been doing in the last six months, we should undoubtedly have bowled him out. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  One interesting point that I have forgotten to mention was that FUCHS said, in the course of the interrogation, that one of his reasons for ceasing to pass information was that he had come to the conclusion that he liked the way of life in this country. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  [redacted] came over and I gave him the story about FUCHS, in the presence of Dick, John, James, Skardon, and Hill. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  I told him, off the record, about the FUCHS case. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  I replied that ways and means of obtaining this sort of thing were under constant consideration, but that in cases where a man was so well-placed as FUCHS, the possibilities of detection were bound to be slight - in fact he would not probably make contact with the Russian agent more than three or four times a year. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  I said that this was not in fact the case, although we probably would, in the light of the FUCHS case, be looking more closely into these cases. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  I then gave Newsam a short account of the FUCHS case, pointing out the immense difficulties in detection and prevention. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  I dined with Tommy Lascelles, who was anxious to know about the FUCHS case, concerning which, he said, the Monarch was somewhat puzzled! 
('FUCHS', 'I')  I took the opportunity of explaining to Rickett all aspects of the FUCHS case, both on the vetting side and on the investigation side. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  I also explained to him the difficulties of the FUCHS case. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  I did not touch on the point that he had not been allowed to interview FUCHS, but I do not think that there are really any hard feelings. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  I explained the FUCHS case and also told him what we were doing about Lancashire Hotpot. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  I said that if the Ministry of Supply sent FUCHS to America as a British subject and a British official, it was difficult for them at the same time to say to the F.B.I. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  I said that, if one sat down and tried to think of current cases where the evidence was no greater than that in the FUCHS case in 1941, we should not be able to cope with them, even if we had ten times the staff we had now. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  [redacted] came to see me and left me a note for the D.G., which I subsequently delivered, in which he asked for various particulars in connection with the FUCHS case. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  I said that I was not quite certain about this, since Hoyer Millar was over here and was, I understood, extremely concerned about the refusal to let the Americans interrogate FUCHS. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  I said that in our letter to Morgan we had said that we wanted Skardon to be present in order that he could maintain touch with FUCHS and use to the best advantage the bond of confidence which undoubtedly existed between them. 
('FUCHS', 'I')  I said that this was not really the point, and that in any case Penney, as far as I knew, had not seen FUCHS since his trial. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  He saw Harry, Dick, Alec and Roger and I think felt that his visit had been profitable. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  I discussed at some length with Dick and Roger the position with regard to Communists in scientific and research establishments. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  meeting see folder I discussed at some length with Dick and Roger the position with regard to communists in scientific and research establishments. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  meeting see folder I discussed at some length with Dick and Roger the position with regard to communists in scientific and research establishments. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  I had a meeting about the war Book with Charles, Dick, Roger and Hill. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  Dick, Roger, Charles and I all felt that this step was organisationally unsound and that if B.3 were manned and the B.3 sections properly staffed the D.G. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  20th June, At the Directors' meeting to-day we discussed the overseas section, and decided that the best thing would be for Dick and Roger to talk to the D.G. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  I had a discussion with Horrocks, Charles, Dick and Roger on overseas matters. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  Sir Edward Travis, Alexander of G.C.H.Q., Dick, Roger, Skardon and I discussed the FUCHS case from the technical angle. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  -------------- Peter Reid came to lunch with me and returned to the office, when he saw the D.G., Dick and Roger. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  Dick and Roger and I have been reviewing this disclosure from the point of view of the action that we have taken in this case and in many others. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  -------------- Dick and I attended a meeting in Roger Makins' room at the Foreign Office, at which Perrin was present, to discuss a point made by Portal. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  Dick, Roger, Irvine and I had a discussion about our attitude to the Western Union's War Room. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  Dick had a meeting at 10.45 with Roger Makins and Perrin to discuss replies to Washington telegrams. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  I discussed with Dick, Roger and John Irvine the question of the latter's future as Secretary of the S.I.C. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  -------------- Kim Philby came over and he, Dick, Roger, John Marriott, and I had A discussion about the F.B.I. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  Dick, Roger and I discussed the embryo E. Division, but did not make a great deal of progress. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  I had a discussion with Dick and Roger about [redacted]. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  I returned from Zurich at mid-day, when I had a talk with Dick and Roger. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  I had a discussion with Dick and Roger about an analysis of the PONTECORVO case, in answer to the J.I.C's request. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  Dick and Roger will be producing something. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  Roger will be talking to Dick about it when he returns and will then speak to the D.G. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  The Ambassador remarked to Dick that it was astonishing how opposition melted in front of him on matters which he, the Ambassador, had been plugging away at for months Roger Hollis has spoken to the D.G. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  Dick, Roger and I considered a draft memorandum for the D.G, to leave with the Home Secretary, describing to him the main features of our office. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  Roger was away but Dick seemed to be having a fairly easy time- in fact it was difficult to find that anything was going on in the office at all. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  Dick, Roger and I felt very strongly that the three fundamental tasks of this office were Establishments & Finance, Intelligence and Protective Security, and that Ove sean should become absorbed in A. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  I told Dick and Roger about this conversation and suggested that Hollis should ring up Rumbold at the War Office and tell him what had transpired. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  Johnny then went on to see Dick, Marriott, Robertson and Roger Hollis. 
('Dick', 'Roger')  I had a discussion with Dick, Roger and M. about Tom Wintringham, who is instructor at the Hulton L.D.V. 
('Alley', 'I')  Both Alley and I agreed that this would be undesirable. 
('Alley', 'I')  I talked to Alley and Corin about Eindhoven's officers' visit to which the DG has now agreed. 
('Alley', 'I')  Just how well all this is being done however I cannot say as I have no responsibility for Alley and his minions. 
('Alley', 'I')  Alley, Corin, Vivian and I lunched with the Dutch. 
('Alley', 'I')  I had a talk with Dick and Alley about the Poles. 
('Alley', 'I')  I agreed with Alley however that where Poles had been employed on highly secret work, steps should be taken to get their families over to this country as soon as possible, whether they remain in research establishments or not. 
('Alley', 'I')  Alley came to ask me whether I would be prepared to go to Holland for 2 days next week. 
('Alley', 'I')  Apparently Moyland was very keen that I should go with Alley and Corin and help to smooth over difficulties between Col. Eindhoven and van Angeren. 
('Alley', 'I')  It was agreed that it should remain in abeyance at any rate until the move and that meanwhile I should ascertain from Alley what view the allied governments would take. 
('Alley', 'I')  I had a long talk with Dick and Alley about Poles. 
('Alley', 'I')  Adam, Dick, Alley, F-J and I had a talk about arrangements to vet the personnel of Anders's Army. 
('Alley', 'I')  I dined with Alley at his request, with a feeling that something was coming! 
('Alley', 'I')  Alley was, I thought, a little inquisitive about who was working here and in the Middle East. 
('Alley', 'I')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('Alley', 'I')  Alley said that he attached a good deal of importance to seeing me once; thereafter I could delegate somebody to carry on. 
('Alley', 'I')  We all agreed that it would be unwise for me to see Sharkey, and that I should tell Alley that we did not regard the proposal with favour: we did not think Sharkey particularly discreet, and that he he was altogether too tricky. 
('Alley', 'I')  I told him to confirm, if necessary, the views that I had given to Alley and to listen to what SHARKEY had to say. 
('Alley', 'I')  I dined with Alley at his request, with a feeling that something was coming! 
('Alley', 'I')  Alley was, I thought, a little inquisitive about who was working here and in the Middle East. 
('Alley', 'I')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('Alley', 'I')  Alley said that he attached a good deal of importance to seeing me once; thereafter I could delegate somebody to carry on. 
('Alley', 'I')  We all agreed that it would be unwise for me to see Sharkey, and that I should tell Alley that we did not regard the proposal with favour: we did not think Sharkey particularly discreet, and that he he was altogether too tricky. 
('Alley', 'I')  I told him to confirm, if necessary, the views that I had given to Alley and to listen to what SHARKEY had to say. 
('Alley', 'I')  I dined with Alley at his request, with a feeling that something was coming! 
('Alley', 'I')  Alley was, I thought, a little inquisitive about who was working here and in the Middle East. 
('Alley', 'I')  Alley said that he attached a good deal of importance to seeing me once; thereafter I could delegate somebody to carry on. 
('Alley', 'I')  We all agreed that it would be unwise for me to see Sharkey, and that I should tell Alley that we did not regard the proposal with favour: we did not think Sharkey particularly discreet, and that he he was altogether too tricky. 
('Alley', 'I')  I told him to confirm, if necessary, the views that I had given to Alley and to listen to what SHARKEY had to say. 
('Harker', 'I')  I asked Harker about the possibility or a decoration for Burt. 
('Harker', 'I')  Horrocks, Dick, Harker, Hollis and I attended a meeting of the DGS to discuss future staff. 
('Harker', 'I')  He asked me confidentially whether I knew what was going to happen to Harker. 
('Harker', 'I')  He told me yesterday that when Harker goes in September I should be succeeding him as D.D.G. 
('Harker', 'I')  I saw Harker and told him about the visit to Edinburgh. 
('Harker', 'I')  I flew to Nuremburg with Harker. 
('Harker', 'I')  I had a meeting with Harker, Charles and Harry about the future title of the office. 
('Harker', 'I')  I took over from Harker and, in the D.G'S absence, took his weekly meeting. 
('Harker', 'I')  Howe gave a lunch to Harker at the Dorchester, at which Charles and I were present. 
('Harker', 'I')  (iii) I think that Harker was to a large extent to blame; but for his incompetence the situation would never have arised, and he had, moreover, over a period of many years, encouraged frank criticism from Jane Archer. 
('Harker', 'I')  While I thought that technically Mrs. Archer had not got a leg to (iii) I think that Harker was to a large extent to blame; but for his incompetence the situation would never have arised and he had, moreover, over a period of many years, encouraged frank criticism from Jane Archer. 
('Harker', 'I')  While I thought that technically Mrs. Archer had not got a leg to 117 (iii) I think that Harker was to a large extent to blame; but for his incompetence the situation would never have arised and he had, moreover, over a period of many years, encouraged frank criticism from Jane Archer. 
('Harker', 'I')  I had a discussion with Harker about our organisation. 
('Harker', 'I')  I recommended to Harker that we should send letters to all C.C.s and S.C.O.s about the alleged German broadcasts and ask them to furnish us with precise details. 
('Harker', 'I')  I discussed this also with Harker and pointed out that really our facilities for 'enquiry at the moment are very little better than they are in peace time. 
('Harker', 'I')  I mentioned the matter to Harker and Butler who both agree that there was much to be gained. 
('Harker', 'I')  I had a discussion today with Charles and Harker about the future meeting with Hankey. 
('Harker', 'I')  Harker is to take over with Charles as his Deputy and myself as B. I am terribly sorry for D.S.S. 
('Harker', 'I')  I attended a meeting in Swinton's room at which Harker, Menzies, V.V. 
('Harker', 'I')  I said that as far as I knew Harker had never received anything in writing. 
('Harker', 'I')  is writing an long memo about our relations with Section V. Harker, Charles and Horrocks have seen it but I have not. 
('Harker', 'I')  smemo and told him that altho/ Harker, Butler and Horrocks had seen it I had not. 
('Harker', 'I')  March 21st I had a long talk with Harker about/ taking stock of our position here. 
('Harker', 'I')  Harker, T. A. R. and I Lunched with Kimball. 
('Harker', 'I')  789 September 23rd Harker, M., Fulford, Tangye and I considered the case of Claud COCKBURN, who had approached Tangye and wanted him, Hyde, and Wilfred Roberts Mer, to form a small committee to assist C. [COCKBURN] in running The Week. 
('Harker', 'I')  I had a long talk with Harker in the evening when I told him that there were many things in the department with which I personally was far from satisfied. 
('Harker', 'I')  812 September 30th I had a slight dust-up with Harker on the question of N.D.O.s. 
('I', 'Tommy')  I had a talk with Tommy Farris and Richard Butler about Armas GARCIA, who is being questioned by the Income Tax Authorities about the transfer of funds which was carried out on behalf of Garbo. 
('I', 'Tommy')  I spoke to Tommy Harris who suggested that Garbo should either communicate direct with him or be given an address for DSO Trinidad in case he found himself in any difficulties. 
('I', 'Tommy')  I saw Tommy Lascelles at his request. 
('I', 'Tommy')  I told Tommy that I would not put it above de COURCY to have fixed all this up with the Duke in order to blackmail the Govt. 
('I', 'Tommy')  I advised him to consult with Tommy Harris, who knew the ropes pretty well. 
('I', 'Tommy')  Afterward Tommy Harris, TAR and I took to lunch. 
('I', 'Tommy')  I had a meeting with Tommy. 
('I', 'Tommy')  I saw the New Year in with Tommy Harris. 
('I', 'Tommy')  I gathered that Hatherill had been suggested as his successor, although Burt thought that Tommy Thomson is fully qualified to do the job. 
('I', 'Tommy')  Tommy Harris has remained in Mallorca, so I did not attend his annual party. 
('I', 'Tommy')  I dined with Tommy Lascelles, who was anxious to know about the FUCHS case, concerning which, he said, the Monarch was somewhat puzzled! 
('I', 'Tommy')  Personally I do not think that we can open the ball" with Tommy, unless he says something to me. 
('I', 'Tommy')  I had a long discussion with Simkins about Tommy HARRIS. 
('I', 'Tommy')  It may well be that Tommy has had a row with Hilda, but this has happened before and I should say would likely to blow over quite easily. 
('I', 'Tommy')  I find it difficult, if not almost impossible, to see that such a question in any way reflects upon Tommy himself. 
('I', 'Tommy')  Personally I should like to have the whole thing out of Tommy, but I shall then be upon to the accusation by S.I.S. 
('I', 'Tommy')  I had a further discussion about Tommy HARRIS with Dick and Anthony Simkins. 
('I', 'Tommy')  We also discussed whether I could make any approach to Tommy. 
('I', 'Tommy')  Dick saw no harm in this but did not think I could discuss Kim unless Tommy opened the ball. 
('I', 'Tommy')  While I cannot believe that Tommy is in any way a guilty party, he is of course a close friend of Kim's and S.I.S. 
('I', 'Tommy')  I would much prefer to see Tommy and say to him that I presume that Kim must have discussed his troubles, and ask him precisely what Kim had told him, since it would be viously difficult and improper for me to go outside anything that Kim had actually conveyed to Tommy himself. 
('I', 'Tommy')  I would then go on to ask Tommy exactly what he thought of the whole business. 
('I', 'Tommy')  I gave him my views about Tommy HARRIS and said that I was not in any way impeding enquiries. 
('I', 'Tommy')  I had a talk with Simkins and told him that I should be dining with Tommy. 
('I', 'Tommy')  Tommy and Hilda will be returning in September when he is to have another operation, but not, I gather, or a serious kind. 
('I', 'Tommy')  I am a little inclined to think that the Harris' are not fully informed about the case against PEACH; I doubt otherwise whether Tommy would have been quite so sanguine about throwing me together with PEACH in the way he did. 
('House', 'I')  In the afternoon I went to the House of Commons where I heard Mekenzie King speak on the espionage case. 
('House', 'I')  He is somewhat temperamental, though when I saw him he was much elated by the fact that KAY had not been given bail and by McKenzie King's statement in the House of Commons commending his (CORBY's) action. 
('House', 'I')  I am inclined to think that they are interested in the BJs since Sir John Stephenson rang me up later to say that he had had communication from S. Africa House indicating that there was certain information which we were apparently reluctant to give. 
('House', 'I')  I had never been able to understand why a Government with a large majority could not say to the House that they were satisfied from information received that such and such was the case and that the House would readily understand that the disclosure of information leading to the detection of the source might well endanger the informants' lives. 
('House', 'I')  had let the party down over the White Paper, I thought that if this feeling really existed it would be a good thing to have a post-mortem as I was quite sure that I could convince him and his officers that circumstances had been forced upon us by the P.M.'s offer in the House to lay papers, and that we had fought the best rearguard action that we could. 
('House', 'I')  I thought he was not very specific; I gathered that he fel that he had a responsibility to the House and country to see that such members did not get into positions where they might constitute a danger to the state. 
('House', 'I')  I attended the Senior Immigration officers Conference at Princeton House and found the proceedings quite interesting. 
('House', 'I')  The D.G, has agreed to my proposal that we should have resident night duty officers, if and when we move to Leconfield House, I saw Derbyshire and Hill. 
('House', 'I')  97 I attended the Senior Immigration Officers Conference at Princeton House and found the proceedings quite interesting. 
('House', 'I')  The D.G, has agreed to my proposal that we should have resident night duty officers, if and when we move to Leconfield House, I saw Derbyshire and Hill. 
('House', 'I')  I saw the Lord President at the House of Commons about one, who wants to be employed in the Central office of Information. 
('House', 'I')  To all this there was very little that I could say, unless I had replied that France, although showing some slight recovery, seemed to be in the same sort of political mess as she was before the war, had a million and a half Communists spread throughout Government Departments and war industries, and 130 Communist Deputies in the House. 
('House', 'I')  I said I thought it would be a good move if the Home Secretary were to make a statement in the House, to the effect that he would not tolerate cases of this kind. 
('House', 'I')  I thanked him very much for his kind offer, which we would certainly consider, although I thought that the balance had to some extent been redressed by the Prime Minister's statement in the House. 
('House', 'I')  I could not understand what had prompted the Prime Minister to make his statement in the House of Commons, since recent evidence seemed to indicate that the explosion was due to faulty construction of a depth charge. 
('House', 'I')  I said that, according to the answer to the question to be put down in the House to-day, D.At.En. 
('House', 'I')  I said I found it difficult to see how they could avoid doing so, since if the Department was attacked somebody would have to defend it in the House of Commons. 
('House', 'I')  After this meeting I went on with Mr.Cowgill to Transport House where we saw Tollerton. 
('House', 'I')  I had suggested that in future the matter should be dealt with by a statement in the House to the effect that it was not the intention of the Govt. 
('House', 'I')  I attended a meeting at Kinnaird House which had been called at the request of the Admiralty. 
('House', 'I')  May 6th I attended a meeting at Kinnaird House on the subject of Censorship in Africa. 
('House', 'I')  August 19th I attended a meeting at Kinnaird House on neutral missions to this country. 
('House', 'I')  I had a meeting at Kinnaird House about Ireland. 
('House', 'I')  I naturally agreed, since it is to everybody's advantage that Kinnaird House should know as much about the facts as possible. 
('House', 'I')  October 14th I attended a meeting at Kinnaird House. 
('House', 'I')  I told him of the suggestion by the Executive that the P. M. should answer a question on the subject of leakage in the House. 
('Harry', 'I')  I had a talk with Harry about a recent proposal which has come before the JIC for the Dominions to appoint Service Attaches to foreign missions abroad. 
('Harry', 'I')  I pointed out to Harry that this raised a rather important security issue. 
('Harry', 'I')  Victor, Harry and I had a conversation about security of atomic research and other matters. 
('Harry', 'I')  Lee, Harry Allen, F-J and I discussed the question of German scientists which is to come up before. 
('Harry', 'I')  I talked to Harry about the Turkish cyphers. 
('Harry', 'I')  I raised the question of ALOs doing D.Branch work but Harry was evidently against it although he thought that occasionally they might be used as indeed they were now. 
('Harry', 'I')  I took Harry the report on Army telephones which we received from the Post Office. 
('Harry', 'I')  It was decided that Harry Allen, Dick White and myself would each draft a skeleton for a six-page memorandum, which it was felt would be more suitable for D's of I., Chiefs of Staff, Under Secretaries of State. 
('Harry', 'I')  I had a meeting with Harker, Charles and Harry about the future title of the office. 
('Harry', 'I')  He saw Harry, Dick, Alec and Roger and I think felt that his visit had been profitable. 
('Harry', 'I')  I had a discussion today with Harry, Dick, T.A.R., Archer and Miss Clay. 
('Harry', 'I')  I talked to Harry Allen and Archer about A.L.Os. 
('Harry', 'I')  I had a meeting with Harry Allen and the Railway Police. 
('Harry', 'I')  I had a talk with Harry Lee. 
('Harry', 'I')  7th January I had a meeting with Harry Allen, Horrocks, Roger, Stanley Strong and Adam about the vetting of civil servants. 
('Harry', 'I')  Colonel Shaw came to see me and Harry Allen about the circulars to ex-members of the I. 
('Harry', 'I')  I asked Harry Allen to ask Gleadell to let him have the names. 
('Harry', 'I')  I described to them more or less the basic functions of the office and they subsequently had talks with Harry Allen, Jo Archer, Hollis and Dick/ 11th February. 
('Harry', 'I')  I discussed with Harry his C. Division memorandum, with which I agree. 
('Harry', 'I')  I discussed with Harry his C. Division memorandum, with which I agree. 
('Harry', 'I')  I believe they also have a movie of Harry GOLD. 
('Harry', 'I')  I have suggested to Harry that he might perhaps like to discuss with D.M.I. 
('Harry', 'I')  At the board meeting this morning I explained about the Italian situation and suggested that Harry should warn the soldiers that there was a proposal to dump back in Italy as many Italians as we possibly could. 
('Harry', 'I')  with Harry Allen in the chair which discussed the duties which might be assigned to various M. I. branches when the Second Front opened. 
('Harry', 'I')  meeting which I attended some days ago with Harry Allen. 
('Harry', 'I')  He wanted to know about a number of Security matters to I have put him on to Harry Allan. 
('Dick', 'Kellar')  I had a meeting with Charles, Horrocks, Dick, Ede, Clayton and Kellar to discuss administrative matters in connection with SIFE and SIME. 
('Dick', 'Kellar')  T said that I thought it was perhaps a pity to throw a spanner in the works pending the arrived on the new DG but that of course he was within his rights in doing so if he felt strongly about the matter he did subsequently see the DG who sent for Dick and was inclined to agree with be that he should go instead on Kellar. 
('Dick', 'Kellar')  I had a talk with Dick and Kellar about the future of SIME. 
('Dick', 'Kellar')  Dick, Kellar and I had a talk about Douglas Roberts coming visit. 
('Dick', 'Kellar')  Dick will take up this matter with Cohen and later I will speak to C. Kellar is anxious that Douglas should not stay on after September but if pressed me would not mind his remaining for another year. 
('Dick', 'Kellar')  113 Dick, Kellar, Clayton and I had a meeting about East Africa. 
('Dick', 'Kellar')  and I took Hayter to lunch and after- wards he had talks with Dick, Hollis and Kellar. 
('Dick', 'Kellar')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('Dick', 'Kellar')  I learned on arrival that Dick had to leave for the Middle East as Alec Kellar has had to go to hospital. 
('Dick', 'Kellar')  Since Alex is likely to be on the sick list for some months, we felt that Magan would have to go as Head of SIME, Dick has complete powers to arrange what he can with the High Commissioner, Kellar suggested that either Dick or, strangely, Horrocks should take over during his absence. 
('Dick', 'Kellar')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('Dick', 'Kellar')  I had a meeting with Dick, F.J. and Kellar about the Evill report to decide on the line that we should adopt. 
('Dick', 'Kellar')  I learned on arrival that Dick has had to leave for the Middle East as Alec Kellar has had to go to hospital. 
('Dick', 'Kellar')  Kellar suggested that either Dick or, strangely Horrocks should take over during his absence. 
('Dick', 'Kellar')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts. 
('Dick', 'Kellar')  and Dick White, when Kellar explained all his difficulties. 
('Dick', 'Kellar')  3rd January We had a long tneeting with the D.C., myself, Kellar, Mor Dick and Horrocks. 
('Dick', 'Kellar')  We have had a telegram from Kellar in which he says that Dick Ellis thinks that there is a case for our having representation in countries adjacent to the Malayan Union, owing to the fact that there are several organisations in each of these countries handling C.E. 
('Dick', 'Kellar')  I had a word with Kellar and Dick and Hill about the arms traffic. 
('Dick', 'Kellar')  I had a meeting with Dick, Kellar and Horrocks on the subject of joint C.E. 
('Dick', 'Kellar')  instructed Kellar and Kellar asked Dick White. 
('Dick', 'Kellar')  I had a discussion with Dick and Kellar about West Africa and appointment of a S.D.E.C.E. 
('Dick', 'Kellar')  had had a telegram from Gerald Templer regretting that he could not get Dick and turning down Kellar and Courtenay Young. 
('Dick', 'Kellar')  We had a further meeting on Integration - Jack Morton, Magan, Dick White, Kellar and others being presents as a result of which we reached fairly firm conclusions on what our requirements were with regard to outstations of both S.I.M.E and S.I.F.E. 
('Dick', 'Kellar')  Dick had a discussion with Kellar and Hughes and it was arranged with Frost over the poor that a conference should be held at Barnet tomorrow to which G-P should ue invited. 
('I', 'Swinton')  The camp had been set up on the orders of Lord Swinton, who was, I believe, at that time Executive Head of M.1.5. 
('I', 'Swinton')  The camp had been set up on the orders of Lord Swinton, who was, I believe, at that time Executive Head of M.I.5. 
('I', 'Swinton')  The camp had been set up on the orders of Lord Swinton, who was, I believe, 155 at that time Executive Head of M.I.5. 
('I', 'Swinton')  I made it clear that the purpose of the Security Executive, as set out in the papers, namely, an organisation to deal with all Fifth Column was correctly stated, in that in 1940 Lord Swinton had so described its functions, having entirely overlooked the fact that the Fifth Column was the sole raison d'etre of the Security Service. 
('I', 'Swinton')  He asked me whether I thought that, as was the case during the war when Swinton had charge, we would benefit through having a Minister other then the P.M. 
('I', 'Swinton')  I have asked him to state the whole case in full and have suggested that D.S.S, should take him to see Swinton. 
('I', 'Swinton')  At 4.30 I went to a meeting with Jasper and Swinton. 
('I', 'Swinton')  I told Swinton that we wanted three things, first of all, that he should see Frost personally and arrange that he should be in charge of a small committee which would try and work out the code and also that he should be available for consultation on a committee which can take action on the interpretation of the various broadcasts which are coming in now. 
('I', 'Swinton')  Swinton was very sympathetic and when I got back to the office I found that he had already rung up Frost who was going to see him, either tonight or tomorrow. 
('I', 'Swinton')  We have I think converted Swinton to our view about the enemy alien situation. 
('I', 'Swinton')  I attended the Swinton Committee, which is getting rather cumbersome. 
('I', 'Swinton')  I told Lord Swinton that Sneath was going up to see Birkett and that if the interview was unsatisfactory I would let him know. 
('I', 'Swinton')  Our whole interview was most friendly and I think Swinton is really out to help us all he can. 
('I', 'Swinton')  I showed this case to Crocker and asked him to take it up with Lord Swinton. 
('I', 'Swinton')  I discussed this subsequently with Lord Swinton when he called in the evening. 
('I', 'Swinton')  Lord Swinton and also Mr. Wall, who I understand is a T.U. 
('I', 'Swinton')  After the meeting I told Swinton about my visit to Burton on the previous day. 
('I', 'Swinton')  I think Swinton was angling to know what I thought, but I said nothing. 
('I', 'Swinton')  I said that I thought that Swinton should arrange with the Ambassador and the Security Co-Ordination (a) that these men should be vetted and (b) that the Americans should supply their own security officers, and (c) that these security officers should be placed in touch with Mainsell. 
('I', 'Swinton')  had got Swinton to telegraph to Stephenson and had then sent a copy of the telegram to C. I explained to Viv. 
('I', 'Swinton')  If therefore I was going out the arrangement would Cave to be made throuw) C. and not through Swinton. 
('I', 'Swinton')  I should say that Guthrie was somewhat similar in type to Swinton but not so able. 
('I', 'Swinton')  at a meeting with Swinton before the latter left for W. Africa, I gave C. my views about the attitude of the F.B.I. 
('I', 'Swinton')  I do not hear very good accounts of Herepath and possibly Swinton is right. 
('Cabinet', 'I')  Findlater did however say that he wondered whether I was quite the right person to put a point of view across to the Cabinet in a crisis. 
('Cabinet', 'I')  I attended the Cabinet Offices in case I should be wanted to answer any questions at the Chiefs of Staffs meeting on SIFE. 
('Cabinet', 'I')  I reported all these facts to the DG who seemed pleased that I had asked for an official letter from the Cabinet Offices should be sent to us requesting that the enquiry should be made. 
('Cabinet', 'I')  I mentioned the recent demand on us to conduct enquiries into the Cabinet leakages and said that this meant that we should have to be very careful about what records we destroyed. 
('Cabinet', 'I')  I told him that we were already investigating 3 cases of Cabinet leakage. 
('Cabinet', 'I')  He dictated a covering letter to the Prime Minister in which I got him to include a phrase to the effect that he considered this draft more satisfactory than the original one, and he undertook to hand the copies to each of the Cabinet Ministers concerned on Sunday morning, when he would be seeing them. 
('Cabinet', 'I')  I mentioned the abolition of visas, which came up before the Cabinet last week and was. 
('Cabinet', 'I')  I found him in the Cabinet Room huddled up in his chair and, I thought, in a somewhat exhausted condition, He had, of course, just been through the incident of the revolt in the Labour Party against our Foreign Policy. 
('Cabinet', 'I')  I went over to the Cabinet Offices, where I saw Murrie and Burgess, the Establishment officer in the Cabinet Offices. 
('Cabinet', 'I')  I went over to the Cabinet Offices, where I saw Murrie and Burgess, the Establishment officer in the Cabinet Offices. 
('Cabinet', 'I')  I then discussed with him the forthcoming meeting of the Cabinet Committee on Communists in industry. 
('Cabinet', 'I')  I saw Newsam today He seemed fairly happy about the result of the Cabinet Committee on Communists in industry provided the three Advisers accepted the commitment. 
('Cabinet', 'I')  I doubted whether if this were all left until the precautionary stage we should get a Cabinet decision in time to enable us to take action. 
('Cabinet', 'I')  I gather that this is, in fact, the view of the Cabinet, but that of course for political reasons our attitude cannot be mentioned. 
('Cabinet', 'I')  I saw Mr. Collier of the Historical Section of the Cabinet. 
('Cabinet', 'I')  Firstly, because Wikeley, our Consul in Leopoldville, had received a rebuff from Bourge, the Chef de Cabinet in French Equatorial Africa, last April (Bourge had said, that on instructions from Paris he could not communicate any information about political conditions in the Colony), and secondly, because Coate, the I.R.D. 
('Cabinet', 'I')  I explained to him that the present proposal of the Home Office, to stop only those delegates who were likely to engage in espionage or in creating industrial disputes, meant virtually that none of the delegates would be refused leave to land, and that this seemed to go slightly against the spirit of the Cabinet ruling. 
('Cabinet', 'I')  It is largely a waste of time and the minutes of the previous meeting which I have read are a strongly reminiscent to Groucho's Cabinet in "Duck Soup"!. 
('Cabinet', 'I')  The Home Secretary said that he entirely agreed with everything that I had said, and that he would do everything in his power to oppose the Prime Minister's suggestion, which he told me would be debated in the Cabinet. 
('Cabinet', 'I')  I protested to Cooper that these measure being taken without prior consultation with our His only answer was that it was a matter of gene policy given out by the Home Secretary and pres approved by the Cabinet. 
('Cabinet', 'I')  I gather that this course was taken as a matter of Cabinet policy. 
('Cabinet', 'I')  I eventually succeeded in getting hold of Menzies who knew of the existence of the memo but had never been asked to put for- ward criticisms or been told that the matter was under discussion by the Cabinet. 
('Cabinet', 'I')  I have also suggested that something should be done to ensure that stories are fully sifted here before being passed round to the P.M., Cabinet Ministers and other officials. 
('Cabinet', 'I')  After this meeting I went on to another at the Cabinet Offices, where Sir Edward Bridges was trying to collect information about the Arandora Star from the various depts. 
('Butler', 'I')  I had a talk with Tommy Farris and Richard Butler about Armas GARCIA, who is being questioned by the Income Tax Authorities about the transfer of funds which was carried out on behalf of Garbo. 
('Butler', 'I')  It large sums were involved I invariably consulted Charles Butler. 
('Butler', 'I')  I told Charles Butler that I had had a long discussion with the D.G. 
('Butler', 'I')  I heard later that this had failed and I therefore put him in touch with Dick Butler who had said he would do what he could. 
('Butler', 'I')  I put him in touch with Dick Butler who had kindly offered to try and find him work. 
('Butler', 'I')  I discussed with Kellar and Charles Butler the possibility of finding someone for Iraq. 
('Butler', 'I')  I asked Hail whether he would be prepared to see Dick Butler. 
('Butler', 'I')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Butler', 'I')  I have told all this to the D.G., who had previously approved of my seeing Cussen, and subsequently approved of the use or Dick Butler. 
('Butler', 'I')  Boothroyd looked in and I put him in touch with Dick Butler. 
('Butler', 'I')  I told Butler that I saw no particular object in discussing the matter with the D.M.I. 
('Butler', 'I')  I asked Hall whether he would be prepared to see Dick Butler. 
('Butler', 'I')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Butler', 'I')  I have told all this to the D.G., who had previously approved of my seeing Cussen, and subsequently approved of the use of Dick Butler. 
('Butler', 'I')  Boothroyd looked in and I put him in touc with Dick Butler. 
('Butler', 'I')  I told Butler that I saw no particular object in discussing the matter with the D.M.I. 
('Butler', 'I')  I asked Hall whether he would be prepared to see Dick Butler. 
('Butler', 'I')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Butler', 'I')  I suggested that Burt might be able to help Butler by giving him certain leads with regard to CLEMINSON who hes a criminal record. 
('Butler', 'I')  I told him that he was perfectly at liberty to discuss this problem with John Gwyer, and that he could tell Professor Butler that he had satisfied himself that an account of the work of the Security Service in the history of the war could only be made by the disclosure of vital information. 
('Butler', 'I')  I mentioned the matter to Harker and Butler who both agree that there was much to be gained. 
('Butler', 'I')  I had a long talk with Col. Worledge and also with Col. Butler about codes. 
('Butler', 'I')  smemo and told him that altho/ Harker, Butler and Horrocks had seen it I had not. 
('I', 'Perfect')  I explained to him some thing about our work and about S.I.M.E and introduced him to Perfect, who was home on leave. 
('I', 'Perfect')  9th January I had a talk with Perfect about his job. 
('I', 'Perfect')  I had a meeting on East Africa with Dick, Perfect, Spencer and Clayton in order to work out some kind of charter for the D.S.O. 
('I', 'Perfect')  I had a discussion with Perfect and oughton about the function of Police Liaison Officers. 
('I', 'Perfect')  I have established with the D.C. and Horrocks that for the time being Perfect should take over Kirby Green's duties in addition to his own. 
('I', 'Perfect')  I have told Perfect and Hill of C.2. 
('I', 'Perfect')  I told Perfect that he must accept it that the Police would never say that they could not find something out and that whatever instructions we gave them, they would visit the firm unless they had the relevant information on their files. 
('I', 'Perfect')  I had a discussion to-day with Perfect, Oughton and F.J. about keeping Chief Constables informed on the V.Ps in their areas, and soliciting their aid in discovering what Communist are employed in certain factories. 
('I', 'Perfect')  Perfect and I lunched with Thomas, c.c. 
('I', 'Perfect')  I have asked Perfect to look into it. 
('I', 'Perfect')  I had a talk with Perfect. 
('I', 'Perfect')  I had a meeting with Dick, Graham, Oughton and Perfect on police liaison. 
('I', 'Perfect')  I had a meeting with Perfect, Holmes, Bodaington and Mann. 
('I', 'Perfect')  I discussed with Perfect and Thistle operation "Lancashire Hotpot". 
('I', 'Perfect')  I saw Perfect and Mann about the Detective officers Conference which is to be held in Edinburgh on February 28th, I asked Mann to ascertain what subjects Edinburgh would like us to talk on. 
('I', 'Perfect')  I had a word with Perfect about the proposal to second high-ranking Police Officers for a period of two or three months. 
('I', 'Perfect')  -------------- I held a meeting to-day with Hollis, Furnival-Jones, Perfect, Holmes, Oughton and Mann on the question of Police vetting. 
('I', 'Perfect')  I discussed with Perfect the question of the Admiralty Police organisation. 
('I', 'Perfect')  I spoke to Roger about this and asked him to arrange for a meeting between Perfect and Clayton of the Admiralty. 
('I', 'Perfect')  I said that it was difficult to put Holmes in the deal with Chief Constables, who were normally dealt with by Perfect. 
('I', 'Perfect')  that Perfect was going, and I told him that I had no objection to his doing this. 
('I', 'Perfect')  -------------- Dick, Perfect and I lunched with the Chief Constable of Dorset, Major Peel-Yates. 
('I', 'Paris')  I told Bobby that the question of our having representation abroad was more or less an open one but that at the moment it was difficult to say whether with advantage we could have anyone in Paris. 
('I', 'Paris')  I told him that I saw many advantages in having a office in Paris but I doubt whether we should have the necessary finances to run it. 
('I', 'Paris')  I thought he would be well advised to take the job which the FO were offering him in Paris. 
('I', 'Paris')  I saw Marshall and told him that SIS had no special job for him at the moment as he was rather above the age that they were recruiting If however he took the Passport Control job in Paris and a vacancy occurred there would be no difficulty in his getting a transfer. 
('I', 'Paris')  I happen to know that he, by innuendo, had been suggesting in Paris that he had something to do with M.I.6. 
('I', 'Paris')  I suggested to her that she might check the handwritings of certain likely Communists against the outgoing Paris mail from the London area. 
('I', 'Paris')  I recommended to Peter to have a talk with B.3., since as far as our information went the risks in Paris were very considerable. 
('I', 'Paris')  I talked to him about "SHARKEY" and said that I thought we ought to fade gradually out of the picture, although we ought to see what he had to say since his return from Paris. 
('I', 'Paris')  I talked to him about "SHARKEY" and said that I thought we ought to fade gradually out of the picture, although we ought to see what he had to say since his return from Paris. 
('I', 'Paris')  I told him that a movement was on foot to set up some sort of organisation in Paris of a permanent kind for pooling information on Communist activities. 
('I', 'Paris')  I have passed this on to Hayter, with a request for an answer by Thursday, when Desond Vesey will be revisiting Paris. 
('I', 'Paris')  We discussed the Peace Conference in Paris and I left himertain data. 
('I', 'Paris')  I left for Paris with F.J. and Thomas to attend the S.I.C, meeting. 
('I', 'Paris')  I returned to London by air from Paris. 
('I', 'Paris')  I had, therefore, wondered whether it was in fact worth while, as there would not be time for Irvine to go round to other offices either in Paris or Brussels, or in The Hague. 
('I', 'Paris')  I saw Newsam and also asked his approval for bringing over the Polish cipher clerk, from Paris. 
('I', 'Paris')  Stephens and I went over to Paris, primarily to discuss liaison with the French in West Africa. 
('I', 'Paris')  Firstly, because Wikeley, our Consul in Leopoldville, had received a rebuff from Bourge, the Chef de Cabinet in French Equatorial Africa, last April (Bourge had said, that on instructions from Paris he could not communicate any information about political conditions in the Colony), and secondly, because Coate, the I.R.D. 
('I', 'Paris')  I shall be seeing [redacted] on his return from Paris next week, when I shall hear the reactions of his Headquarters to our conversation. 
('I', 'Paris')  I told him what [redacted] had said on his return from Paris. 
('I', 'Paris')  which I am attending next Tuesday in Paris. 
('I', 'Paris')  last Wednesday when I was away in Paris. 
('I', 'Marriott')  I saw Marriott who is at present employed in CICI. 
('I', 'Marriott')  I had a long talk with John Marriott about GARBO and about the general progress we were making in our enquiries into Russian espionage. 
('I', 'Marriott')  I had a discussion with Dick, Horrocks, Mitchell, M.E., Marriott and Martin about our meeting with S.I.S. 
('I', 'Marriott')  I had a long talk with Dick, Martin, Marriott and M.E. 
('I', 'Marriott')  I got Dick and John Marriott in. 
('I', 'Marriott')  I discussed with Dick and John Marriott the case of Nilliam Norman EWER, Dick and I felt, and I think John agreed, that as it would be necessary to consult members of the Labour Party before taking any action, the matter was af very considerable delicacy and our action might be missunderstood. 
('I', 'Marriott')  I discussed with Marriott and Cumming the case of a potential Russial defector in Berlin who is a member of the Russian Naval Academy and has considerable expert knowledge about the Russian naval programme. 
('I', 'Marriott')  I had a further discussion with Marriott and Martin about the FUCHS case. 
('I', 'Marriott')  I discussed with M.E, and John Marriott the proposals in an S.I.C. 
('I', 'Marriott')  I talked to John Marriott and Derby about Derby feels fairly confident about bona fides. 
('I', 'Marriott')  Hollis, Marriott and I went up to speak at the annual Scottish Detective Officers' Conference in Edinburgh. 
('I', 'Marriott')  -------------- Kim Philby came over and he, Dick, Roger, John Marriott, and I had A discussion about the F.B.I. 
('I', 'Marriott')  -------------- I had a talk with John Marriott to-day. 
('I', 'Marriott')  I discussed with John Marriott end korton Evans the note on the potentialities of the Communist Party in time of war, a note on which has been requested by S.H.A.P.E. 
('I', 'Marriott')  I asked John Marriott and Robertson about G. Circulars. 
('I', 'Marriott')  I told Marriott that I had only learned that we were receiving these broadcasts about 10 days ago that I had then discussed them with those concerned. 
('I', 'Marriott')  March 26th I had a talk with Marriott and J.C. about Victoire. 
('I', 'Marriott')  I saw Milmo and Marriott about the Icelandic ex edition. 
('I', 'Marriott')  I had a discussion with, J.C., Marriott and Wilson about Sweet William, who has been playing straight. 
('I', 'Marriott')  July 24th I had a talk with Marriott about the possible use of JUDE and GROBBEN as XX agents. 
('I', 'Marriott')  I had a talk with Bevan, T. A. R., L. Hale, Lennox, Dick,Brooman-White and Harris and Marriott on the subject of co-ordinating misinformation. 
('I', 'Marriott')  I dined with J.C. , Marriott and Cavendish- Bentinck. 
('Commons', 'House')  In the afternoon I went to the House of Commons where I heard Mekenzie King speak on the espionage case. 
('Commons', 'House')  He is somewhat temperamental, though when I saw him he was much elated by the fact that KAY had not been given bail and by McKenzie King's statement in the House of Commons commending his (CORBY's) action. 
('Commons', 'House')  W1 out answering each question in detail, he said that he thought that he alone should be informe in every case where we had positive information that a Member of Parliament was a member of a subversive organistion, whether that member was also a member of the Labour Party, the Conserve tive Party, or any other party represented in the House of Commons. 
('Commons', 'House')  I saw the Lord President at the House of Commons about one, who wants to be employed in the Central office of Information. 
('Commons', 'House')  The scales were finally turned by Chuter Ede who felt it would be impossible for the Government to get away with it in the House of Commons unless there was some form of appeal. 
('Commons', 'House')  The Act was designed primarily for our purposes and if there was any question of its being brought into contempt or debated in the House of Commons, we ought to weigh in. 
('Commons', 'House')  It seemed to me, too, that it was questionable whether a precedent shoula be created for spending Government money to counter the activities of a political party which was, represented in the House of Commons. 
('Commons', 'House')  representations by his Trade Union, by his fellow workers in the scientific field, questions in the House of Commons, the demand for an enquiry, etc. 
('Commons', 'House')  He was worried about delaying this matter in case of questions in the House of Commons. 
('Commons', 'House')  He said that if there were further press comments reflecting on the reputation of his Service, they might well lead to Questions in the House of Commons, and he would not hesitate to put forward factual statements on the real relations between M.I.5 and the F.B.I in reply to such questions. 
('Commons', 'House')  have been instructed to prepare a report for the Chiefs of staff, who are meeting the Defence Committee in the House of Commons at 3.30. 
('Commons', 'House')  There does not, however, seem to be much prospect of getting the matter ventilated in the House of Commons in the near future. 
('Commons', 'House')  I could not understand what had prompted the Prime Minister to make his statement in the House of Commons, since recent evidence seemed to indicate that the explosion was due to faulty construction of a depth charge. 
('Commons', 'House')  The P.M. said that he had heard from Air Marshal Elliott that two further acts of sabotage had occurred, one at the new House of Commons and the other at the American aerodrome at Layton(?) 
('Commons', 'House')  to find out about this incident and also to obtain particulars about the one at the new House of Commons, where it was alleged that the disconnection of certain wires would cause a boiler explosion on its opening day. 
('Commons', 'House')  He had indeed noticed it himself and, as an old Home Office man, he was convinced that the higher staff were too much rooted to old-time liberalism and the protection their Minister in the House of Commons. 
('Commons', 'House')  He said that Peter Thorneycroft had written to De Freitas, the Parliamentary Under-Secretary, pointing out that MACARTNEY was in the habit of frequenting the House of Commons, in particular the bar, and that people were often somewhat indiscreet in his presence. 
('Commons', 'House')  It was made clear to the Prime Minister's office that M.I.5 were not concerned, and the P.M. so replied in the House of Commons. 
('Commons', 'House')  I said I found it difficult to see how they could avoid doing so, since if the Department was attacked somebody would have to defend it in the House of Commons. 
('Commons', 'House')  He thought that we should operate entirely as a Secret Service department and that our affairs should not be allowed to become the subject of discussion in the House of Commons. 
('Commons', 'House')  If irresponsible actin* were taken, we might end up by getting the 0.3.A debated in the House of Commons, with disastrous results. 
('Commons', 'House')  The death penalty bill has at last been put before the House of Commons. 
('Col', 'I')  I saw Col.Bourne. 
('Col', 'I')  I handed a paper in which I put forward the same arguments that I had already put to Col. Moore. 
('Col', 'I')  Next day (the 14th) at his special request I went to see Col. Sweeney in Pentagon Building. 
('Col', 'I')  In the afternoon I saw Col. Anderson the new DMI and Col. Acland who is now leaving. 
('Col', 'I')  I then lunched with Col. Anderson. 
('Col', 'I')  We went over much of the ground that I had gone over with Col. Anderson in Ottawa. 
('Col', 'I')  Apparently Moyland was very keen that I should go with Alley and Corin and help to smooth over difficulties between Col. Eindhoven and van Angeren. 
('Col', 'I')  Dick and I had a talk with Col. Thicknesse, who is at present employed on the Control Commission in Berlin. 
('Col', 'I')  however threw some doubt on the advisability of creating a War Room with the Americans owing to the differences which exist TION between G.2., I got Col. Rhodes, who attended the meeting with Gen. Lethbrigge, to come round efter inch. 
('Col', 'I')  'C' however threw some doubt on the advisability of creating a War Room with the Americans owing to the differences which exist between G.2., I got Col. Rhodes, who attended the meeting with Gen. Lethbridge, to come round after inch. 
('Col', 'I')  I sent a note to Col.Dykes setting out the whole position and giving him our opinion of the measures at present in force in Eire to combat German activities. 
('Col', 'I')  NOVEMBER 15th I saw Col.Stirling today when he explained to me the position in Glasgow regarding telephone censorship on Eire. 
('Col', 'I')  I had a long talk with Col. Worledge and also with Col. Butler about codes. 
('Col', 'I')  I explained to Col.Butler that this might not be very satisfactory since M.C.3. 
('Col', 'I')  I suggested that that procedure might perhaps be rather cumbersome and that there might be an advantage in Col. Stanley having direct contact with us. 
('Col', 'I')  I then submitted my note which made it quite clear that whatever the decision was about Col. Stanley the control of the special agent system must remain in the hands of ourselves and SIS and that we must be the final judges as to whether Col.Stanley's or any other depts. 
('Col', 'I')  of I and Col. Stan- ley. 
('Col', 'I')  It may nbe that we are fairly near the turning point and when the moment comes I think we should co-opt Col. Stanley on the W.Baord and get him to send a representative to the Twenty Committee. 
('Col', 'I')  June 8th and I called on Col. Murray who is G.S.O.I to the Canadian D. M. I., in order to discuss Springbok's traffic. 
('Col', 'I')  I dined with Lennox who was anxious to hear about my visit to U.S.A. July 25th Col. Allan came to see me about certain USA diplomatic correspondence which was clearly being opened. 
('Col', 'I')  September 24th I attended a meeting of the W.Board at which all members were present and in addition Col. Bevan and T.A.R. 
('Col', 'I')  I saw him in Col. Murray's office in Ottawa. 
('Army', 'I')  I saw redacted who told me that it is impossible for him to get a job as long as he is still in the Polish Army. 
('Army', 'I')  Hanslope I am told has gone over entirely to SIS business and RSS is shortly to be handed over to Army "Y", under Walter Scott. 
('Army', 'I')  Wynscott rang to say that the Army would send me to America on one of their planes and would be very pleased to look after me wile I was in the USA. 
('Army', 'I')  I saw Scott and told him that I was very much afraid that there would be nothing here for him of a permanent nature, but that his services might well be required in a temporary capacity to deal with Anders's Army when it was demobilised. 
('Army', 'I')  I took Harry the report on Army telephones which we received from the Post Office. 
('Army', 'I')  Adam, Dick, Alley, F-J and I had a talk about arrangements to vet the personnel of Anders's Army. 
('Army', 'I')  I saw [redacted], who has just arrived back in this country, and who we propose to take on on a temporary basis since he is a regular Army officer. 
('Army', 'I')  KEITEL was fairly passive, while JODL, his Chief of Staff, was taking copious notes as if he were fighting a rearguard action in the Field, I doubt whether he has a clue as to what it is all about; he probably thinks that a gross injustice is being done to himself, a soldier, who has done nothing more than carry out his orders - how could he possibly do otherwise - even though it was clearly shown that under his instructions the Army had collaborated satisfactorily with the Einsatzkommando, which had been concerned with the liquidation of the Jews and others in Eastern Europe. 
('Army', 'I')  The liaison is clearly as good as it can be: it does, I think, reveal that certain services performed by R.S.S., particularly general search, are weak in the new organisation and that there is a fall in the number of messages intercepted on other known services, due, to a large extent, to inexperienced Army monitors, particularly those in North Germany. 
('Army', 'I')  I saw the Military Secretary and asked him to extend WINTERBORN's attachment to us until 1949, when he would retire from the Army. 
('Army', 'I')  I saw the Military Secretary again, when I withdrew my original letter and substituted it with a request that WINTERBORN should remain on the military establishment of SIFE as a G.S.O.2., and be paid by the Army until his retirement in 1949. 
('Army', 'I')  I saw the Military Secretary and asked him to extend WINTERBORN's attachment to us until 1949, when he would retire from the Army. 
('Army', 'I')  I saw the Military Secretary again, when I withdrew my original letter and substituted it with a request that WINTERBORN should remain on the military establishment of SIFE as a G.S.O.2., and be paid by the Army until his retirement in 1949. 
('Army', 'I')  and S.I.F.E., I think [redacted] would be keen to go, but it may be that the Army could produce somebody of higher calibre. 
('Army', 'I')  I said that I did not wish to imply this: I should feel just the same with Army, Navy or Air Force officers, but that I thought the matter ought to be considered on the basis of the "need to know". 
('Army', 'I')  I said, after consultation with Hill, that while he could proceed under the Army Act and under Section 2 of the Official Secrets Act, this would obviously get him no where. 
('Army', 'I')  I forgot to mention that last Wednesday Val Boucher told me that representatives of the American First Army had arrived here entirely unheralded for a conference with War Office officials. 
('Army', 'I')  I explained, however, that when we went overseas we had not gone under our own colours; we had merely provided officers who had counter-intelligence experience who would therefore be useful to the Army in the field. 
('Army', 'I')  I had a talk with two Swedes, one Kriminaloverkonstapel BOGEFELDT of the Police and the other Captain GEIJER of the Army. 
('Army', 'I')  I lunched with [missing] He was very anxious to know about the agitation going on in the Daily Worker, which published a facsimile of a shoulder- strap "U.S.S.R.", alleged to indicate that we were forming an Army of Russians in this country for use in a future war. 
('Army', 'I')  The blow today is the order of the King of the Belgians to his army to surrender, I gather that this matter had been under consideration for 3-4 days and that the King came to his decision after hearing that the British Army intended to get out as best they could. 
('Army', 'I')  I then asked de Grey whether there was any point at which all these telegrams from Army, Navy, Air Force, I.S.O.S and diplomatic sources were studied from the point of view of building up a picture of the German organisation. 
('I', 'India')  His first leak was I think Ambassador Phillips's report to Roosevelt on the situation in India, Incidentally a singularly ill-informed and stupid document. 
('I', 'India')  I did, however, say that if India had a Dominion or Eire status we might have a Liaison officer for the purposes of an exchange of information with the Indian authorities. 
('I', 'India')  I raised with them the question of India - I said that I thought a concrete plan ought to be formulated now between ourselves, S.I.S. 
('I', 'India')  I went and saw Bridges about India. 
('I', 'India')  It was agreed that I should go earlier to India and try and recruit some D.I.B. 
('I', 'India')  I saw Sir Edward Bridges, on the D.G's instructions, and told him about my visit to India. 
('I', 'India')  I talked to him about India and told him what our plans were. 
('I', 'India')  Dominion status is to come into force on August 15th, when the India office will become a part of the Dominions Office, The India office cannot then act as a channel for I.P.I. 
('I', 'India')  India, and the taking over by us of I.P.I. 
('I', 'India')  Ismay, who is over here at the moment, is being asked to visit the JIC next week, I gather that he is extremely gloomy about the state of affairs in India. 
('I', 'India')  I discussed with Dick and Vickery a note which had been received from Bourne in which he points out the difficulties of getting any information on internal affairs in India without arousing suspicion. 
('I', 'India')  I saw Sir Edward Bridges, on the D.G's instructions, and told him about my visit to India. 
('I', 'India')  I talked to him about India and told him what our plans were. 
('I', 'India')  The India office cannot then act as a channel for I.P.I. 
('I', 'India')  India, and the taking over by us of I.P.I. 
('I', 'India')  I gather that he is extremely gloomy about the state of affairs in India. 
('I', 'India')  I discussed with Dick and Vickery a note which had been received from Bourne in which he points out the difficulties of getting any information on internal affairs in India without arousing suspicion. 
('I', 'India')  in India, which I understand is very low grade, has been trying to interfere in the internal affairs of India. 
('I', 'India')  I had a long talk with U'ren about his visit to Pakistan, Ceylon and India. 
('I', 'India')  He told me that Peter Fleming was on his way back from India and I suggested that he might wait and have a talk with him. 
('I', 'India')  I have just seena report from India on the infiltration of Jap agents. 
('Cecil', 'I')  Cecil and I dined with McKenna and a man called Kerr who is in the Contracts Branch of the Ministry of Defence. 
('Cecil', 'I')  Cecil and I dined again last night with McKenna and Kerr. 
('Cecil', 'I')  He said that it at any time Cecil and I were in Ireland and would like to have an off the record meeting alone with Dev he would be very pleased to arrange it. 
('Cecil', 'I')  Dick, TAR, Cecil and I had a meeting about the control of passengers arriving at Rineanna. 
('Cecil', 'I')  I have also suggested that someone, other than Bourne,might think it advisable to get in touch with Jenkin, who is at present at the Cecil Hotel, Simlar he would obviously be the best person to advise as to how the matter should best be handled. 
('Cecil', 'I')  has not received an acknowledgement, Dick, Gwyer, Cecil and I had a meeting to discuss Gwyer's memorandum on Ireland. 
('Cecil', 'I')  Cecil, Dick, John Gwyer and I discussed John's paper on Ireland to which we have made several amendments. 
('Cecil', 'I')  I have also suggested that someone, other than Bourne,might think it advisable to get in touch with Jenkin, who is at present at the Cecil Hotel, Simlar he would obviously be the best person to advise as to how the matter should best be handled. 
('Cecil', 'I')  Dick, Gwyer, Cecil and I had a meeting to discuss Gwyer's memorandum on Ireland. 
('Cecil', 'I')  Cecil, Dick, John Gwyer and I discussed John's paper on Ireland to which we have made several amendments. 
('Cecil', 'I')  I have arranged for Cecil to bring him here after 5 o'clock this evening. 
('Cecil', 'I')  Cecil and I had a long discussion with Thorn- ton about permits for people wishing to visit French territory. 
('Cecil', 'I')  I have spoken to Cecil and suggested that he should if possible go over to Ulster and see Wickham. 
('Cecil', 'I')  Cecil and I left Droitwich at 8.30 and called in on Tom Hutchinson at Sarsden@. 
('Cecil', 'I')  Cecil and I went to see Lord Hankey at 4.45. 
('Cecil', 'I')  Cecil and I went to the D.C. to attend a meeting at which Sir John Maffey was present. 
('Cecil', 'I')  Cecil and I lunched with Dan Bryan. 
('Cecil', 'I')  I had a talk with Burt and Cecil on the Worthy Down case. 
('Cecil', 'I')  I saw Gen. Finlayson with Cecil at the Senior. 
('Cecil', 'I')  July 31st I had a talk with Stopford and Cecil about placing agents on board boats which ply on the main routes between this country and Ireland. 
('Cecil', 'I')  Cecil and I agreed that it would be far better to say quite frankiy to the Irish that as long as they remain neutral and detain our P/Ws we shall of. 
('I', 'Skardon')  I have in mind also Hill or B.1C and Skardon but their participation is problematical for a variety of reasons. 
('I', 'Skardon')  I talked to Burt about the possibility of getting Skardon. 
('I', 'Skardon')  I asked Burt about the possibility of getting the services of Skardon on a permanent basis. 
('I', 'Skardon')  I told Burt that his promotion to Lt.-Col. Find the promotions or Spooner and Skardon to Major had been approved by the Military Secretary. 
('I', 'Skardon')  I saw Howe and spoke to him about Skardon, He was entirely cordial, provided the necessary pension arrangements could be made. 
('I', 'Skardon')  I saw Howe and spoke to him about Skardon, He was entirely cordial, provided the necessary pension arrangements could be made. 
('I', 'Skardon')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('I', 'Skardon')  In talking to Skardon subsequently, I learned that the difficulty of arming Police was got over by enrolling members of utility undertakings in the Home Guard; this entitled them to have a rifle. 
('I', 'Skardon')  Sir Edward Travis, Alexander of G.C.H.Q., Dick, Roger, Skardon and I discussed the FUCHS case from the technical angle. 
('I', 'Skardon')  I attended a meeting at the Ministry of Supply, accompanied by Dick, Arthur Martin and Skardon. 
('I', 'Skardon')  [redacted] came over and I gave him the story about FUCHS, in the presence of Dick, John, James, Skardon, and Hill. 
('I', 'Skardon')  I would, however, consult with Skardon on Mondey. 
('I', 'Skardon')  I saw James Robertson, Simkins and Skardon and told them about my interview with BLUNT. 
('I', 'Skardon')  I gather that [missing] has been told on the telephone that the matter of his pension is 11 kely to be settled to his satisfaction and that Skardon would like to discuss things with him. 
('I', 'Skardon')  I said that in our letter to Morgan we had said that we wanted Skardon to be present in order that he could maintain touch with FUCHS and use to the best advantage the bond of confidence which undoubtedly existed between them. 
('I', 'Skardon')  Finally, however, I said that it lo' really felt strongly about being present, we would certainly reconsider the matter, but Skardon would in any case have to be there. 
('I', 'Skardon')  I told him that we did not wish to object if he wished to go in addition to Penney and Skardon. 
('I', 'Skardon')  It was suggested, therefore, that I should ring up Fressanges and arrange an interview between him and Skardon. 
('I', 'Skardon')  I rang Fressanges, who agreed to see Skardon. 
('I', 'Skardon')  Meanwhile I learned that Burt had approached Skardon, evidently rather hurt that the renewal of the suggestion that Jones Bhould lecture had not come to him through Dick White or myself. 
('I', 'Pakistan')  I got the impression that Jenkin was not very keen about the liaison job with Pakistan, or at any rate not for the moment, but I did not go on to press him to give a positive answer. 
('I', 'Pakistan')  She might well be interested in setting up so-called friendly" Governments - I doubted, however, whether she would openly march troops into Pakistan. 
('I', 'Pakistan')  I said that Pakistan being a Dominion, we could neither approve nor disapprove. 
('I', 'Pakistan')  Dick and I lunched with Vickery, when we dis- cussed the possibility of having a liaison with Pakistan. 
('I', 'Pakistan')  I saw Dick and Bamford on the subject of Jenkins letter to me published in the Pakistan Times. 
('I', 'Pakistan')  I told him that Kenneth Strong was unable to give him any employment in J.I.B., but that if he were going to Malaya or Java he would be glad to establish local contact, since rubber was a subject in which his department was interested Viv rang me up to ask me whether I had been Jenkin's letter in the Pakistan Times, to which the answer is "I'll say"!! 
('I', 'Pakistan')  I discussed with Vickery the last letter I have had from Bourne about the incident of the Pakistan Times. 
('I', 'Pakistan')  I got the impression that Jenkin was not very keen about the liaison job with Pakistan, or at any rate not for the moment, but I did not go on to press him to give a positive answer. 
('I', 'Pakistan')  She might well be interested in setting up so-called "friendly" Governments - I doubted, however, whether she would openly march troops into Pakistan. 
('I', 'Pakistan')  I said that Pakistan being a Dominion, we could neither approve nor disapprove. 
('I', 'Pakistan')  Dick and I lunched with Vickery, when we dis- cussed the possibility of having a liaison with Pakistan. 
('I', 'Pakistan')  51 I saw Dick and Bamford on the subject of Jenkins letter to me published in the Pakistan Times. 
('I', 'Pakistan')  Viv rang me up to ask me whether I had seen Jenkin's letter in the Pakistan Times, to which the answer is "I'll say"!! 
('I', 'Pakistan')  I discussed with Vickery the last letter I have had from Bourne about the incident of the Pakistan Times. 
('I', 'Pakistan')  I got the impression that Jenkin was not very keen about the liaison job with Pakistan, or at any rate not for the moment, but I did not go on to press him to give a positive answer. 
('I', 'Pakistan')  She might well be interested in setting up so-called "friendly" Governments - I doubted, however, whether she would openly march troops into Pakistan. 
('I', 'Pakistan')  I said that Pakistan being a Dominion, we could neither approve nor disapprove. 
('I', 'Pakistan')  -------------- I spoke to Burt about the case in which one, [redacted], had given information to the American Embassy about the alleged interception by Greece of arms being sent from the U.S.A. to Italy - the idea being to divert these arms to Pakistan. 
('I', 'Pakistan')  moving to Pakistan as well, I cannot say. 
('I', 'Pakistan')  I had a long talk with U'ren about his visit to Pakistan, Ceylon and India. 
('I', 'Navy')  The Navy are buying three more Corvettes as they seem to be very pleased with their earlier purchases The question of setting up a small arms factory in Eire had recently been under discussion with, I imagine, the Ministry of Supply or the War Office. 
('I', 'Navy')  He said that in the ces, discipline was not all that it might be; this particularly applied to the Navy who were extremely rowdy when coming ashore - most of these men I think are on their way home for demobilisation and feel that this is the last opportunity of beating up the town while they are still in uniform. 
('I', 'Navy')  I explained to him the position about his son in Malta and a general directive which we were issuing to D.S.Os, slowing the line of demarcation between ourselves and the Navy. 
('I', 'Navy')  I explained that it was not really within our Charter to look after the morale and discipline of the Navy: in fact the Prime Minister had attached great importance to our keeping clear of any possible accusation of being a Gestapo. 
('I', 'Navy')  Hill, I think rightly, dissuaded him, since it would clearly be difficult for us without letting Dixon down to pass the information on to the Navy. 
('I', 'Navy')  I told Phillipe that it was not really a responsibility of ours to snoop on the Navy, but that ever since Invergordon we had to some extent been drawn into these matters as there did not seem to be any other appropriate organisation to deal with them. 
('I', 'Navy')  This, as far as I could see, arose from the fact that the relations between officers and men in the Navy were entirely different to those in the other services. 
('I', 'Navy')  I explained that it was not really within our Charter to look after the morale and discipline of the Navy: in fact the Prime Minister had attached great importance to our keeping clear of any possible accusation of being a Gestapo. 
('I', 'Navy')  Hill, I think rightly, dissuaded him, since it would clearly be difficult for us without letting Dixon down to pass the information on to the Navy. 
('I', 'Navy')  I told Phillips that it was not really a responsibility of ours to snoop on the Navy, but that ever since Invergordon we had to some extent been drawn into these matters as there did not seem to be any other appropriate organisation to deal with them. 
('I', 'Navy')  This, as far as I could see, arose from the fact that the relations between officers and men in the Navy were entirely different to those in the other services. 
('I', 'Navy')  I explained that it was not really within our Charter to look after the morale and discipline of the Navy: in fact the Prime Minister had attached great importance to our keeping clear of any possible accusation of being a Gestapo. 
('I', 'Navy')  I told him that we had had a reply from Thistle, saying that the information had been passed both to the State Department and the Navy Department in the flat terms that MILNER was a Russian espionage agent. 
('I', 'Navy')  I went to see General Browning, who told me he was worried about a man called KIRKLAND BRIDGE who was raiaing funds for the Navy Comforts Fund and was therefore closely ansociated with Prince Philip, whom "Boy" Browning now looks after. 
('I', 'Navy')  I said that I did not wish to imply this: I should feel just the same with Army, Navy or Air Force officers, but that I thought the matter ought to be considered on the basis of the "need to know". 
('I', 'Navy')  I then asked de Grey whether there was any point at which all these telegrams from Army, Navy, Air Force, I.S.O.S and diplomatic sources were studied from the point of view of building up a picture of the German organisation. 
('I', 'Navy')  As I was going out of the Navy building I passed Mountbatten who was under a battery of press cameras. 
('I', 'Navy')  and I told him what I had arran- ged with the Navy Dept. 
('I', 'Navy')  He had succeeded in extracting the list from the U.S. Navy but since it seemed to consist to a large extent of communists and to be extremely bulky, I asked him to try and get the Naval Authorities to reduce them to mana- geable proportions. 
('I', 'Navy')  I had thought that possibly he might have gone back to Canada as a XX.GROBBEN is a reliable seaman who might have been employed if his case had not been bungled by the Navy at Gib. 
('Gibbs', 'I')  I got down Collard, who said that he would look into the matter: I think he will find Gibbs a useful contact. 
('Gibbs', 'I')  I got down Collard, who said that he would look into the matter: I think he will find Gibbs a useful contact. 
('Gibbs', 'I')  Herbert thought that his services could not be dispensed with but felt that a very useful purpose could be served by Gibbs getting into touch with S. I.S. 
('Gibbs', 'I')  I had a long talk with Gibbs, who gave me his views on our censorship problem. 
('Gibbs', 'I')  April 4th I lunched with fierbert and discussed the position of Gibbs and Grogan. 
('Gibbs', 'I')  I told him what Gibbs had said about the carrying out of our work by representation at Censorship. 
('Gibbs', 'I')  I said we had earmarked Gibbs for colonial work and he was extremely useful to us in many other ways. 
('Gibbs', 'I')  Gibbs and I have redrafted the D.G.S memo on the subject of A.C.E. 
('Gibbs', 'I')  Gibbs is not angling for the position but I am certain that he could take over the whole business, probably with the assistance of Clayton, who is the only person in Overseas Control doing a really useful job of work. 
('Gibbs', 'I')  I also had a talk with Gibbs about Room 58 at the Censorship. 
('Gibbs', 'I')  Gibbs has no desire to do so and I have no wish to let him go. 
('Gibbs', 'I')  I had a discussion with Dick and Gibbs about D.S.O. 
('Gibbs', 'I')  I asked Gibbs to put up a note which will help me to persuade the D.G. 
('Gibbs', 'I')  Dick, Gibbs and I had a discussion about We. 
('Gibbs', 'I')  I had a talk with Gibbs and Ramsbotham about the Belgian Congo. 
('Gibbs', 'I')  Gibbs, Dick and I saw the D.G. 
('Gibbs', 'I')  September 25th I had a long conversation with Gibbs this morning. 
('Gibbs', 'I')  control under Gibbs, I think that Allnutt's section should form part of it. 
('Gibbs', 'I')  I have sent a wireoff to Gibbs asking him to give us an estimate of the personnel required for W.Africa. 
('Gibbs', 'I')  Personally I cant see what he can do that cant be done as well or better by Gibbs, unless he takes over Jelf's side of the work. 
('Dick', 'Stephens')  Dick Butler came in to talk to me about the Stephens case, which he thought on the whole was going fairly well. 
('Dick', 'Stephens')  Dick Butler came to talk about the Stephens case. 
('Dick', 'Stephens')  and ask him whether he would like to see Dick Butler, Stephens is arriving in this country in a few days. 
('Dick', 'Stephens')  Dick and I took Stephens out to lunch. 
('Dick', 'Stephens')  Dick Butler came to see me about a wire he had received through the War office from Stephens, asking for legal representation. 
('Dick', 'Stephens')  26th July Cussen and Dick Butler came to discuss the Stephens case with the D.G. 
('Dick', 'Stephens')  2nd October Dick Butler came to see me about Stephens. 
('Dick', 'Stephens')  Dick Butler came in to talk to me about the Stephens case, which he thought on the whole was going fairly well. 
('Dick', 'Stephens')  Dick Butler came to talk about the Stephens case. 
('Dick', 'Stephens')  Dick and I took Stephens out to lunch. 
('Dick', 'Stephens')  Dick Butler came to see me about a wire he had received through the War office from Stephens, asking for legal representation. 
('Dick', 'Stephens')  26th July Cussen and Dick Butler came to discuss the Stephens case with the D.G. 
('Dick', 'Stephens')  2nd October Dick Butler came to see me about Stephens. 
('Dick', 'Stephens')  Dick Butler came in to talk to me about the Stephens case, which he thought on the whole was going fairly well. 
('Dick', 'Stephens')  Dick Butler came to talk about the Stephens case. 
('Dick', 'Stephens')  Dick and I took Stephens out to lunch. 
('Dick', 'Stephens')  I had a discussion today with Dick and Stephens about exchange of prisoners. 
('Dick', 'Stephens')  Dick and I are seriously considering recommending that Stephens should go out in spite of the loss that he would be to us. 
('Dick', 'Stephens')  Dick discussed with Stephens what assistance could be given by him to S.I.M. 
('Dick', 'Stephens')  Dick went round Camp 020 with Stephens, and says that it is at last a finished article. 
('Butler', 'Stephens')  Dick Butler came in to talk to me about the Stephens case, which he thought on the whole was going fairly well. 
('Butler', 'Stephens')  Dick Butler came to talk about the Stephens case. 
('Butler', 'Stephens')  and ask him whether he would like to see Dick Butler, Stephens is arriving in this country in a few days. 
('Butler', 'Stephens')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Butler', 'Stephens')  19th July Butler came to talk to me about Stephens, He rather thought that we ought to try and get him over here. 
('Butler', 'Stephens')  He felt that while his firm could help in the background, they should not actually represent Stephens as this would prevent him, Butler, from giving evidence. 
('Butler', 'Stephens')  Dick Butler came to see me about a wire he had received through the War office from Stephens, asking for legal representation. 
('Butler', 'Stephens')  26th July Cussen and Dick Butler came to discuss the Stephens case with the D.G. 
('Butler', 'Stephens')  2nd October Dick Butler came to see me about Stephens. 
('Butler', 'Stephens')  Dick Butler came in to talk to me about the Stephens case, which he thought on the whole was going fairly well. 
('Butler', 'Stephens')  Dick Butler came to talk about the Stephens case. 
('Butler', 'Stephens')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Butler', 'Stephens')  19th July Butler came to talk to me about Stephens, He rather thought that we ought to try and get him over here. 
('Butler', 'Stephens')  He felt that while his firm could help in the background, they should not actually represent Stephens as this would prevent him, Butler, from giving evidence. 
('Butler', 'Stephens')  Dick Butler came to see me about a wire he had received through the War office from Stephens, asking for legal representation. 
('Butler', 'Stephens')  26th July Cussen and Dick Butler came to discuss the Stephens case with the D.G. 
('Butler', 'Stephens')  2nd October Dick Butler came to see me about Stephens. 
('Butler', 'Stephens')  Dick Butler came in to talk to me about the Stephens case, which he thought on the whole was going fairly well. 
('Butler', 'Stephens')  Dick Butler came to talk about the Stephens case. 
('Butler', 'Stephens')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Burma', 'I')  I told him that SIFE was now on its legs, that the DSO points at Singapore, Burma and Hong Kong had been set up, and that I felt it was a pity that there was not some link with Ceylon. 
('Burma', 'I')  I gather that he is not keen about going back to Burma and I doubt whether there is any other place where he would be on real value to us. 
('Burma', 'I')  I saw Bowker, who is to be our Minister In Burma, at the Burma office to-day. 
('Burma', 'I')  I explained to him in rough outline our organisation here and abroad, I also told him about our position in Burma and about our relations with Thakin Nu. 
('Burma', 'I')  I discussed with H/SIFE, Kellar and Courtenay two telegrams from Burma relating to the D.S.O. 
('Burma', 'I')  I think they were impressed by his record with Steel Brothers in Burma. 
('Burma', 'I')  I lunched with Vickery, when I met CROMBIE, who is the Deputy High Commissioner designate for Burma. 
('Burma', 'I')  On the other hand, the risks were considerable: there would be people attending the course who would obviously talk far beyond anything said at the lectures, and there is little point in building up the Russians in the ABC of Jet propulsion; the more so since we were simultaneously bringing over German technicians in order to deny their services to the Russians I had a meeting with Laithwaite on the subject of Burma. 
('Burma', 'I')  I saw Bowker, who is to be our Minister in Burma, at the Burma Office to-day. 
('Burma', 'I')  I explained to him in rough outline our organisation here and abroad, I also told him about our position in Burma and about our relations with Thakin Nu. 
('Burma', 'I')  I saw Colonel Appleby, on the recommendation of Hugh Winterborn, Appleby has done most of his service in Burma, which he knows inside out: he also knows all the dialects. 
('Burma', 'I')  I discussed with H/SIFE, Kellar and Courtenay two telegrans from Burma relating to the D.S.O. 
('Burma', 'I')  I think they were impressed by his record with Steel Brothers in Burma. 
('Burma', 'I')  I lunched with Vickery, when I met CROMBIE, who is the Deputy High Commissioner designate for Burma. 
('Burma', 'I')  On the other hand, the risks were considerable: there would be people attending the course who would obviously talk far beyond anything said at the lectures, and there is little point in building up the Russians in the ABC of jet propulsion: the more so since we were simultaneously bringing over German technicians in order to deny their services to the Russians I had a meeting with Laithwaite on the subject of Burma. 
('Burma', 'I')  I saw Bowker, who is to be our Minister in Burma, at the Burma office to-day. 
('Burma', 'I')  I explained to him in rough outline our organisation here and abroad, I also told him about our position in Burma and about our relations with Thakin Nu. 
('Burma', 'I')  I saw Colonel Appleby, on the recommendation Of Hugh Winterborn, Appleby has done most of his service in Burma, which he knows 141 inside out: he also knows all the dialects. 
('Burma', 'I')  I discussed with H/SITE, Kellar and Courtenay two telegrans from Burma relating to the 150 D.S.O. 
('Burma', 'I')  I think they were impressed by his record with Steel Brothers in Burma. 
('I', 'White')  It was decided that Harry Allen, Dick White and myself would each draft a skeleton for a six-page memorandum, which it was felt would be more suitable for D's of I., Chiefs of Staff, Under Secretaries of State. 
('I', 'White')  I have told Kellar to get out a note showing the whole sequence of events which led ultimately to the publication of the White Paper. 
('I', 'White')  had let the party down over the White Paper, I thought that if this feeling really existed it would be a good thing to have a post-mortem as I was quite sure that I could convince him and his officers that circumstances had been forced upon us by the P.M.'s offer in the House to lay papers, and that we had fought the best rearguard action that we could. 
('I', 'White')  Itttold him that neither Dick White nor myself had any responsibility fir* the administration of Ham and that without reference to the files I could not give him first-hand knowledge of any standing orders there were about punish- ments. 
('I', 'White')  34 Bed July Dick White and I saw WAGSTAFFE. 
('I', 'White')  I said that Dick White was in the Middle East and would be considering the case locally. 
('I', 'White')  I said that I did not think he could use our name, but that he could say that it was a matter of common knowledge that White Russians were always a target and that although this particular officer might be beyond reproach, it would be difficult to get the idea out of peoples heads that his origin rendered him unsuitable This would produce a certain awkwardness and might affect liaison. 
('I', 'White')  I told him that neither Dick White nor myself had any responsibility fir the administration of Ham and that without reference to the files I could not give him first-hand knowledge of any standing orders there were about punish- ments. 
('I', 'White')  Dick White and I saw WAGSTAFFE. 
('I', 'White')  I said that Dick White was in the Middle East and would be considering the case locally. 
('I', 'White')  I said that I did not think he could use our name, but that he could say that it was a matter of common knowledge that White Russians were always a target and that although this particular officer might be beyond reproach, it would be difficult to get the idea out of peoples heads that his origin rendered him unsuitable. 
('I', 'White')  I told him that neither Dick White nor myself had any responsibility for the administration of Ham and that without reference to the files I could not give him first-hand knowledge of any standing orders there were about punish- ments. 
('I', 'White')  Dick White, Vickery and I discussed the collation of Communist reports, with particular reference to the one being issued weekly by the C.R.O. 
('I', 'White')  I said that if there were any points within our field which were troubling him, either Dick White or myself would be very ready to give him the background, if it were in our power to do 80. 
('I', 'White')  I told him to discuss the matter with them and with Dick White. 
('I', 'White')  Meanwhile I learned that Burt had approached Skardon, evidently rather hurt that the renewal of the suggestion that Jones Bhould lecture had not come to him through Dick White or myself. 
('I', 'White')  June 19th I had a meeting with Le Forgeais and Tibbett when we discussed the question of the White Card system for recruits to allied armies. 
('I', 'White')  November 9th I had a talk with Inspector White of MAP and Joe Archer about the BOSWORTH case. 
('I', 'White')  I explained our point of view to White and suggested that possibly the best. 
('I', 'Stewart')  I told him that I had explained this point very carefully to Tess but that Stewart Hampshire had rung up Major Hope who had communicated with me to the effect that we had the all clear. 
('I', 'Stewart')  I talked to James Robertson and to Stewart about the case of three ships in Plymouth, which it is thought are being purchased by some Greeks for the purpose of illegal immigration into Palestine. 
('I', 'Stewart')  It is, I think, very much in his favour that Findlater Stewart recommends him as being entirely straight and keen. 
('I', 'Stewart')  Both General Stewart and Colonel Gilbert said that they fully understood the position and had not wished to imply in any way that the Security Service in this country was responsible, Oricoursen the person who was really responsible, although naturally I did not say this at the meeting, was the P. M. himself, who made a complete hash of the whole business. 
('I', 'Stewart')  I had the feeling that both General Stewart and Colonel Gilbert were not entirely satisfied with the present position. 
('I', 'Stewart')  25th July I saw David Stewart on his return from the Middle East on leave. 
('I', 'Stewart')  I had lunch with Stewart. 
('I', 'Stewart')  I had a few moments with Stewart. 
('I', 'Stewart')  Stewart had some information, I gather of a reliable and very confidential kind, that Roosevelt was proposing to give us 100 destroyers, somewhat out of date but nevertheless useful. 
('I', 'Stewart')  I saw Stewart again today. 
('I', 'Stewart')  Stewart Menzies told me what I believe is an authentic story in connection with Winston's recent visit to the French. 
('I', 'Stewart')  I had a word with Stewart about tomorrows W. Board meeting. 
('I', 'Stewart')  and Findlater Stewart who I think had been lobbied. 
('I', 'Stewart')  Stewart spoke to me about the Pyrene Co. with which I believe W.B.PHILLIPS was at one time connected. 
('I', 'Stewart')  I had a word with Stewart, who told me that active [obfuscated] was going on at the Embassy in Ankara since it had been discovered that A blue print of one of our guns was missing from the M. A. s office. 
('I', 'Stewart')  He has re-drafted his memo on the Study Group which he wishes to send to Findlater Stewart and alsoto C. He asked me about the case of BARRA and I told him exactly what we were doing. 
('I', 'Stewart')  of I. and Findlater- Stewart about the W.Board meeting, and told them about my visit to America. 
('I', 'Stewart')  In the afternoon I attended a meeting called by findlater Stewart at which McClure the American General in charge of Security was present. 
('I', 'Stewart')  I saw Stewart at the club in the evening. 
('I', 'SIME')  I asked him about the transfer of SIME to ourselves. 
('I', 'SIME')  GOC I gather rather regards SIME as his special personal Gestapo. 
('I', 'SIME')  I had a meeting with Charles, Horrocks, Dick, Ede, Clayton and Kellar to discuss administrative matters in connection with SIFE and SIME. 
('I', 'SIME')  I had a talk with Dick and Kellar about the future of SIME. 
('I', 'SIME')  I said that I thought we had to go forward with the firm conviction that we had the best man we could possibly put into the job es the head of SIME in Alec Kellar, and that we should say so to the Comnander in Chief and hope that the proposal would be acceptable to him. 
('I', 'SIME')  I told Kellar about the telegram I had received from the D.G., provisionally appointing Magan as head of SIME until a final decision could be made about Douglas Rober successor. 
('I', 'SIME')  I said that we could, if it was considered desirable, continue the activities of BSIC - an affshoot of SIME at Athens - under A.M.A. 
('I', 'SIME')  I said that It was nothing new to me to hear that the administration of SIME was bad. 
('I', 'SIME')  then said that he was considerably impressed by the arguments that I had put forward, par- ticularly that one which I also put forward that anybody taking over the Head of SIME should have had considerable experience in our office in London, and that it was our general policy to have a complete interchange officers at home and abroad. 
('I', 'SIME')  I am arranging for SIME to get into touch with Marsack. 
('I', 'SIME')  I have suggested to TAR that, in so far as Cairo is concerned, this is a matter for the Head of SIME to look into. 
('I', 'SIME')  I pointed out that SIME were denuded of their personnel and that one must expect a certain dislocation until Kellar had got well into his stride. 
('I', 'SIME')  I explained to him that we had of course taken over SIME and that Kellar had been extremely busy. 
('I', 'SIME')  Clearly I think Kellar does not want to revert to the former position of Magan at SIME, and this is in a way understandable. 
('I', 'SIME')  I suggested that we might test our mails, binning with SIME and SIFE. 
('I', 'SIME')  I explained to him that we had of course taken over SIME and that Kellar had been extremely busy. 
('I', 'SIME')  Clearly I think Kellar does not want to revert to the former position of Magan at SIME, and this is in a way understandable. 
('I', 'SIME')  I suggested that we might test our mails, beginning with SIME and SIFE. 
('I', 'SIME')  I said that the Head of SIME was in this country and could assist in the drafting of any such report. 
('I', 'Robertson')  I saw Norman Robertson and Hume Wrong of External Affairs. 
('I', 'Robertson')  I had a talk with Dick and James Robertson about the future of the Middle East section. 
('I', 'Robertson')  I discussed with James Robertson the effect of the declaration of the Govt. 
('I', 'Robertson')  Dick, Bertram, Clayton, Courtenay, James Robertson and I had a discussion on the liquidation of O.C. 
('I', 'Robertson')  I spoke to James Robertson about sabotage in Palestine. 
('I', 'Robertson')  I talked to James Robertson and to Stewart about the case of three ships in Plymouth, which it is thought are being purchased by some Greeks for the purpose of illegal immigration into Palestine. 
('I', 'Robertson')  would take the line that tourist traffic to bring in dollars is of primary importance, I said a report should be asked for from Kirby-Greeny unless we had already had his views on the subject..... James Robertson referred to a telephone call received by F.M. 
('I', 'Robertson')  I had a long talk with James Robertson about PINGAL. 
('I', 'Robertson')  I went with James Robertson to see FINGAL and to discuss his case. 
('I', 'Robertson')  I had a meeting with D.C., C.2, Martin and James Robertson about the FUCHS case, to try and clear our minds before high-level meeting to-morrow with Atomic Energy. 
('I', 'Robertson')  I said to Stephenson on that while I realised that some thing of the [obfuscated] would be necessary, I thought Generai Robertson was again making an analogy with Germany, where of course he had the full co-operation of the German Police Force; the British element merely giving direction and guidance. 
('I', 'Robertson')  I had a long talk with Dick and James Robertson about the PEACH case. 
('I', 'Robertson')  I asked John Marriott and Robertson about G. Circulars. 
('I', 'Robertson')  I saw James Robertson, Simkins and Skardon and told them about my interview with BLUNT. 
('I', 'Robertson')  R. and I saw A. H. Robertson in connec- tion with the trouble that arose about him and his wife in Lisbon. 
('I', 'Robertson')  After lunch I saw Stone of External Affairs and talked to him a good deal abou the Spanish situation, and he arranged for me to see Robertson, the Under Secretary of State on the following day. 
('I', 'Robertson')  I had a long talk with Robertson of External Affairs when he told me that the policy as regards Japanese wa to evacuate them as far as possible from the Pacific Coast. 
('I', 'Robertson')  that I did not see that this would serve any useful purpose since Bevan was already a member of the committeee and was in constant touch with Robertson. 
('I', 'Robertson')  I lunched with Robertson MacDonald and thanked him for all the work he had done on the Kameradschaftdienst. 
('I', 'Lennox')  He said "You don't like Lennox very much I think". 
('I', 'Lennox')  I said that personally I liked Lennox but thought quite frankly that there was no job for him in the office. 
('I', 'Lennox')  He, in fact, thought the idea would be of mutual advantage, I saw Lennox and Courtenay, N.I.D. 
('I', 'Lennox')  It did not seem to me that the connection was likely to lead to any thing from what I could gather of MECHNIKOFF's back- ground, it was more likely that he would attempt to buy up Lennox, than that Lennox would ever get an opening for buying up MECHNIKOFF. 
('I', 'Lennox')  I told Lennox that I did not mind him doing this, (it was in fact difficult for me to object in the circumstances) provided he let us know what transpired at any of his meetings. 
('I', 'Lennox')  I saw Lennox and Courtenay, N.I.D. 
('I', 'Lennox')  It did not seem to me that the connection was likely to lead to anything- from what I could gather of MECHNIKOFF's back- ground, it was more likely that he would attempt to buy up Lennox, than that Lennox would ever get an opening for buying up MECHNIKOFF. 
('I', 'Lennox')  I told Lennox that I did not mind him doing this, (it was in fact difficult for me to object in the circumstances) provided he let us know what transpired at any of his meetings. 
('I', 'Lennox')  I told him that Lennox was clearly medaling in something which was no business of his or of ours, and that he would be well advised to tell him nothing. 
('I', 'Lennox')  I said that since I was concerned at any rate, he could take it that Lennox was not, and would not be employed in any way. 
('I', 'Lennox')  I said that we would get into touch with Mr. Lennox-Boyd's Private Secretary, in order to find out the nature of the information and, if necessary, to send someone over to look at any papers there might be on the subject. 
('I', 'Lennox')  I spoke to Lennox, who told me that M.I.9. 
('I', 'Lennox')  I lunched with Lennox. 
('I', 'Lennox')  I told Lennox that, subject to the D.G.S approval, Casa Maury should be told that SHOPPEE was extremely indiscreet and rather a heavy drinker. 
('I', 'Lennox')  I dined with Lennox who was anxious to hear about my visit to U.S.A. July 25th Col. Allan came to see me about certain USA diplomatic correspondence which was clearly being opened. 
('I', 'Lennox')  When I mentioned this subsequently to Lennox he said that the cover in an operation of that kind was naturally extremely good since troops had been going round the Cape to Suez for a month A few more or less did not make much difference. 
('I', 'Lennox')  Later I attended a meeting with D.D.G., Lennox and Bevan. 
('I', 'Lennox')  I had a meeting with D.G., Lennox, Machell and Harris about plans for misleading Fleet St. about Torch. 
('I', 'Lennox')  I had a talk with Bevan, T. A. R., L. Hale, Lennox, Dick,Brooman-White and Harris and Marriott on the subject of co-ordinating misinformation. 
('I', 'Jock')  I lunched with Jock Balfour who is a charming host. 
('I', 'Jock')  I had a talk with Jock Whyte about the JACKSON case. 
('I', 'Jock')  My report on Jock Why te has gone to the D.G I have recommended that he should be removed from B. 
('I', 'Jock')  I saw Jock Whyte this morning. 
('I', 'Jock')  I have had the D.G.s reply to my memo about Jock Why te This is in the sense that our complaints against each other cancel out and that therefore the whole matter boils down to a personal issue aggravated by the physical separation between the Sections. 
('I', 'Jock')  He thought that if I made a gesture to Jock Why te all would be well. 
('I', 'Jock')  Apart from this I thought there was a certain disciplinary side to the whole question and that if some body did not tell Jock Whyte exactly where he got off he would be intolerable. 
('I', 'Jock')  I told him that I had been a little worried by the fact that he seemed to regard the whole matter as a personal issue between myself and Jock Whyte. 
('I', 'Jock')  I explained to him that my views about Jock why te were similar to those of every other officer who had had any close connec- tion with his work. 
('I', 'Jock')  I could see that he had made up his mind and I confined myself in the end to saying that if he wished me to retain Jock Whyte in the Division I would do my best to look after him but that I felt considerable anxiety in doing so. 
('I', 'Jock')  I went through the case of Castine REED with Jock, and pointed out to him where I thought the case had gone wrong. 
('I', 'Jock')  I told Jock to find oit the atmosphere in which the conversation had taken place. 
('I', 'Jock')  I have passed the note to Jock Whyte for his comments. 
('I', 'Jock')  August 10th I saw Jock Whyte and told him that we were proposing to have snap S/W checks on Post Restante addresses commencing with Aberdeen owing to the Swedish Air Line, and then possibly trying Liverpool. 
('I', 'Jock')  August 14th I arrived back from Blenheim at midday after having seen Jock Whyte's section. 
('I', 'Jock')  I decided that Jock Whyte should continue his investigations into INTERAVIA and that Kembal Johnson should deal with the Sedish Air Lines perhaps rither more extensively th than he had done in the past. 
('I', 'Jock')  I had a long discussion in the afternoon with Jock Why te about arrangements for deal- ing with escaped P/Ws and evaders. 
('I', 'Jock')  I had a talk with Jock Whyte about pre-war spies. 
('I', 'Jock')  I had a talk with Jock Whyte and arranged with him that Vesey should go to the RPS. 
('I', 'Irvine')  I told the meeting about my talk with [redacted] regarding the present lay-out of the French Intelligence Organisations and asked Irvine to and get the picture absolutely clear when in casual conversation with [redacted]. 
('I', 'Irvine')  11th January Dick, Irvine and I discussed the proposal that the Germans should be allowed to set up a Federal M.I.5. 
('I', 'Irvine')  I had a discussion with Hill and Irvine on the memorandum produced by the Security Committee working party on what the Russians were likely to know from publications in the Press and from documents circulated to Western Union powers and to "leaky" Dominions. 
('I', 'Irvine')  I had a meeting with Dick, John Irvine, F.J. and Thomas on our brief for the S.I.C. 
('I', 'Irvine')  I suggested that he should have a word with Irvine, as we did not wish to get into difficulties with the S.I.C. 
('I', 'Irvine')  I explained that Irvine had written this document at the request of the S.I.C., and in his capacity as International Secretary. 
('I', 'Irvine')  I had another talk with Irvine, when I discussed his memorandum. 
('I', 'Irvine')  I made it clear to him, in view of the remark that he had made at the meeting that we had no wish to prevent Irvine going to see indeed we had no power to do so. 
('I', 'Irvine')  On the other hand, it was natural that I should see Irvine from time to time and that when he felt himself in a difficulty he might refer a point to me for advice. 
('I', 'Irvine')  I had, therefore, wondered whether it was in fact worth while, as there would not be time for Irvine to go round to other offices either in Paris or Brussels, or in The Hague. 
('I', 'Irvine')  I had a talk with Irvine about the S.I.C. 
('I', 'Irvine')  and the talk that I had with We agreed that Irvine had no alternative but to carry out his instructions to visit all members of the S.I.C. 
('I', 'Irvine')  I then discussed interview with me and told him about the present proposal that Irvine should visit all members of the S.I.C. 
('I', 'Irvine')  I have been reading the documents in the case of Dr. Richard SORGE, which Packard, the late D.M.I., obtained from G-2 through his personal contact, General Irvine, the American D.M.I. 
('I', 'Irvine')  Dick, Roger, Irvine and I had a discussion about our attitude to the Western Union's War Room. 
('I', 'Irvine')  I discussed with Dick, Roger and John Irvine the question of the latter's future as Secretary of the S.I.C. 
('I', 'Irvine')  I told Irvine that the J.I.C. 
('I', 'Irvine')  I told [redacted] that Irvine had quite properly notified Andre, presumably because he was the servant of the Permanent Commission. 
('I', 'Irvine')  -------------- I discussed with Roger and Irvine the question of the approach to the French regarding their security. 
('I', 'Victor')  Victor, Harry and I had a conversation about security of atomic research and other matters. 
('I', 'Victor')  I had to explain to him why I felt it was necessary that I should maintain the liaison but he seemed to think that Hollis had been over fairly recently and Victor was now going, it would be difficult to justify my case. 
('I', 'Victor')  I left with Victor by the boat train for Dieppe on 27th Feb. For almost the first time they were running Pullman cars from Newhaven. 
('I', 'Victor')  With us was an American general who had just been to the American zone in Germany and Victor and I and he were regarded as V.I.P.s and given free whiskies wherever we landed and plenty of food in a special room. 
('I', 'Victor')  I saw Victor. 
('I', 'Victor')  I extracted from my diary an interview that Victor had with "Beaver" in 1940, in which the latter described us all as "a bunch of witch hunters". 
('I', 'Victor')  I lunched with Victor. 
('I', 'Victor')  I spoke to Victor on the telephone to-day. 
('I', 'Victor')  I had a discussionwith Victor and B.5 about Worthy Down. 
('I', 'Victor')  I had a meeting with Dick, T. A. R. and Victor about sending someone out to Gib. 
('I', 'Victor')  I had a talk with Victor about utilities. 
('I', 'Victor')  I had a talk this afternoon with Joe Archer Bennett and Victor. 
('I', 'Victor')  I hive asked Victor to supply this. 
('I', 'Victor')  I had a discussion with Victor, currey, Miss Clay and Dick on Fifth volumn. 
('I', 'Victor')  In the evening I went down to Tring with Victor and Duff-Cooper. 
('I', 'Victor')  I am going down tonight with Victor to see the fireworks. 
('I', 'Victor')  I am asking Victor to take the matter up in New York and Canada and if necessary B-W might go out to Montreal to do the job, which he would undoubtedly handle it extremely well. 
('I', 'Victor')  I dined with Victor who has just returned from the U.S.A., after a somewhat adven- turous passage on the Queen Elizabeth They had 12,000 troops on board and the accommodation was in consequence somewhat meagre. 
('I', 'Norman')  I saw Norman Robertson and Hume Wrong of External Affairs. 
('I', 'Norman')  I told him that Norman Archer was saying on the advice of Boland that the IRA were in funds, Roger Moore thought this was extremely doubtful. 
('I', 'Norman')  I said that I should be seeing Norman Brook and 13. considering the whole position. 
('I', 'Norman')  9th October 1946 I saw Norman Brook and gave him Tangye 's report. 
('I', 'Norman')  17th January H111 and I went to see the Lord Chancellor; Norman Brook and Drew were present. 
('I', 'Norman')  I said that the 124 Foreign Office had a long established Press Department, and Norman Brook added that they appointed. 
('I', 'Norman')  I saw Sir Norman Brook. 
('I', 'Norman')  I discussed with Dick and John Marriott the case of Nilliam Norman EWER, Dick and I felt, and I think John agreed, that as it would be necessary to consult members of the Labour Party before taking any action, the matter was af very considerable delicacy and our action might be missunderstood. 
('I', 'Norman')  It was agreed that each Division would prepare a memorandum on its aims and objects for the Norman Brook enquiry, and that I should brief the D.c. for Brook's visit when terms of reference are to be discussed. 
('I', 'Norman')  -------------- Meanwhile, I had a call from Norman Brook's secretary, Marshall. 
('I', 'Norman')  I said that Norman Brook had of course been over here and seen a number of our officers when making his enquiry into the whole organisation. 
('I', 'Norman')  I should take the matter up pretty forcibly with Norman Brook. 
('I', 'Norman')  At the D.G's meeting to-day I mentioned Norman Brooks request for a break-down of Communists in various departments of the B.B.C. 
('I', 'Norman')  I went over to see Norman Brook about the B.B.C. 
('I', 'Norman')  I discussed with Allan and Norman questions of restricted occupations. 
('I', 'Norman')  I therefore arranged for Roger to visit Mr. Norman who says that it is passed on to the Shipowners' Association which has a membership of some 650. 
('I', 'Norman')  I mentioned this to B. who has spoken to Norman Brook. 
('I', 'Norman')  While on the subject of Fascists I drew Lori Swinton's attention to the attitude of M. Norman Birkett. 
('I', 'Mitchell')  I talked to Mitchell about a request from the J.I.C. 
('I', 'Mitchell')  I had a meeting with Bennett, the two Hills, Baynter and Mitchell to discuss the question of warning factory managers in the case of technicials who were dismissed on the grounds of subversion. 
('I', 'Mitchell')  12th February I spoke to Mitchell about the sabotage case and found thet he had not been consulted before the report was sent in to Admiralty. 
('I', 'Mitchell')  I dia not tell Burt this, but I propose to discuss it with him after talking to Graham Mitchell. 
('I', 'Mitchell')  I had a discussion with Dick and Mitchell about Burt's visit. 
('I', 'Mitchell')  I talked to Mitchell, Hill and T.J. about the case. 
('I', 'Mitchell')  I had a discussion with Dick, Horrocks, Mitchell, M.E., Marriott and Martin about our meeting with S.I.S. 
('I', 'Mitchell')  I told him that I should have to take Graham Mitchell into my confidence, as there might be material in that section which I should normally not see myself. 
('I', 'Mitchell')  I asked Graham Mitchell, who said that we were a vre of O'KOERE's visit, but we had no idea of the purpose for which he was coming. 
('I', 'Mitchell')  Mitchell and I saw Liesching, who had in Sir William Jenkin and another officer. 
('I', 'Mitchell')  I said that I understood he had got all he wanted from Graham Mitchell and that there was no particular point in our discussing the matter until we had seen the documents which he had promised to send to us. 
('I', 'Mitchell')  Mitchell pointed out, and was supported by Hollis, that there were, certainly now and to a large extent at the time, many other projects of equal, if not greater, secrecy and importance than the atomic bomb, and that even today, in Category I there were no less than 61,000 employees. 
('I', 'Mitchell')  I have since discussed the matter with Mitchell, after looking at the LANGDON-DAVIES file. 
('I', 'Mitchell')  Hollis, Graham Mitchell and I represented this office. 
('I', 'Mitchell')  I urged the Police Officers to raise this matter in more detail with Graham Mitchell. 
('I', 'Mitchell')  I had a talk with Graham Mitchell about ERSIG. 
('I', 'Mitchell')  June 13th I lunched with and Hamish Mitchell, the S.I.S. 
('I', 'Mitchell')  I lunched with Hamish Mitchell, Charles Watson and Hill-Wood. 
('Graham', 'I')  I dia not tell Burt this, but I propose to discuss it with him after talking to Graham Mitchell. 
('Graham', 'I')  I told him that I should have to take Graham Mitchell into my confidence, as there might be material in that section which I should normally not see myself. 
('Graham', 'I')  I asked Graham Mitchell, who said that we were a vre of O'KOERE's visit, but we had no idea of the purpose for which he was coming. 
('Graham', 'I')  Dick, F.J., Graham, Hill and I had a discussion on the draft report of the Working Party set up to consider the desirability of having a tribunal to deal with Communists in industry. 
('Graham', 'I')  I had a further meeting with Dick, Graham, F.J. and Hill on Communists in industry. 
('Graham', 'I')  Dick, Graham and I had a meeting with D.G. 
('Graham', 'I')  Personally I am not very satisfied; I feel that Graham is being a little too fair-minded. 
('Graham', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick, Graham, Oughton and Perfect on police liaison. 
('Graham', 'I')  I was talking to Graham about this, and also about the lack of influence that the T.Us seem to have over their men. 
('Graham', 'I')  I talked to Graham about a draft letter to the Colonial office on the subject of a teacher in Nigeria. 
('Graham', 'I')  I said that I understood he had got all he wanted from Graham Mitchell and that there was no particular point in our discussing the matter until we had seen the documents which he had promised to send to us. 
('Graham', 'I')  -------------- I was talking to Graham and he tells me that eighty-nine cases have been dealt with under the purge. 
('Graham', 'I')  I asked Graham to study the situation and to let me know, as far as he could, what the concerted view was in order to make some concrete proposal to Bridges. 
('Graham', 'I')  Hollis, Graham Mitchell and I represented this office. 
('Graham', 'I')  I saw Graham this morning, just back from Sheffield. 
('Graham', 'I')  I urged the Police Officers to raise this matter in more detail with Graham Mitchell. 
('Graham', 'I')  I agreed with him that his apprehensions were not well-founded and subsequently confirmed with Graham that this was also his view. 
('Graham', 'I')  I had a talk with Graham Mitchell about ERSIG. 
('Adam', 'I')  Horrocks, Adam, Byrde, Vesey, Strong and I discussed the vetting of American immigration. 
('Adam', 'I')  I understand from Adam that the question of travel without visas between this country and America is once more under consideration. 
('Adam', 'I')  I pointed out that the chances of our getting information of this kind were doubtful but I do not see any chance of getting any think sensible done as long as Adam is here. 
('Adam', 'I')  I talked to Charles about various problems, firstly OC, secondly John Adam and thirdly D and C divisions. 
('Adam', 'I')  Adam, Dick, Alley, F-J and I had a talk about arrangements to vet the personnel of Anders's Army. 
('Adam', 'I')  I told him quite frankly that he would never have any peace so long as Adam remained. 
('Adam', 'I')  I told Adam that by agreement with Hastings they had decided to stop any enquiries about the Jewish connections of people who were to be initiated into	There had been a case where S.B., having been asked to make indirect enquiries, had called the man up on the telephone and told him to come round to the police station. 
('Adam', 'I')  7th January I had a meeting with Harry Allen, Horrocks, Roger, Stanley Strong and Adam about the vetting of civil servants. 
('Adam', 'I')  I so informed Adam. 
('Adam', 'I')  I had a talk with Adam and Allan and suggested that we should appoint 2 or 3 Field Security Police- men in each port for detective work, the idea being that they would go through the B.6 school. 
('Adam', 'I')  Adam has put up a memo on the question of travel and has inserted the note that I made out some time ago about dealing with cate- gories. 
('Adam', 'I')  I have made out a note giving our views and criticisms on the report and Adam has dictated a general note on travel policy. 
('Adam', 'I')  I had a discussion with Adam on the question of Danish seamen. 
('Adam', 'I')  I had a discussion with Adam today about the control of foreigners. 
('Adam', 'I')  I also discussed with Adam the question of exit permits. 
('Adam', 'I')  It has been decided to send SCOTT-FORD to 720 August 25th I had a meeting with Adam, Stopford and Hay - wood to discuss Stopford's work and the planting of agents on ships. 
('Adam', 'I')  Cheney suggests that this work should be done by the I.O.s Adam doubts whether they have sufficient staff. 
('Adam', 'I')  I had a meetig with Toby, Adam, Lick, Abbott, Albert and Orr, on the subject of a Reception Centre for British subjects arriving from abroad. 
('I', 'Singapore')  I told him that SIFE was now on its legs, that the DSO points at Singapore, Burma and Hong Kong had been set up, and that I felt it was a pity that there was not some link with Ceylon. 
('I', 'Singapore')  He wants to work for another 2-5 years and a I though he would be prepared to go to Singapore he would prefer to be in the dollar area as he has his boys at school in Canada and will be keeping them there until thy have completed their education. 
('I', 'Singapore')  The first proposal was that we should ask the Australians to send a representative to Singapore, although personally I think it would be preferable for us to send an officer to Canberra. 
('I', 'Singapore')  I said that I could not understand this as we here had received a number of telegrams from our representative in Rangoon, which had been repeated to Singapore. 
('I', 'Singapore')  I told the meeting that, according to a tele- gram we had received from Singapore, the J.I.C. 
('I', 'Singapore')  I explained that all our telegrams were repeater to Singapore and were in the possession of the J.I.O. 
('I', 'Singapore')  I said that I felt a little doubtful about this as we already had 2 Indian policement in Singapore and were sending a third, and that meanwhile Bourne seemed to be doing well and would be prepared to stay on on a six monthly basis if we wanted him. 
('I', 'Singapore')  The first proposal was that we should ask the Australians to send a representative to Singapore, although personally I think it would be preferable for us to send an officer to Canberra. 
('I', 'Singapore')  I said that I could not understand this as we here had received a number of telegrams from our representative in Rangoon, which had been repeated to Singapore. 
('I', 'Singapore')  I told the meeting that, according to a tele- gram we had received from Singapore, the J.I.C. 
('I', 'Singapore')  I explained that all our telegrams were repeated to Singapore and were in the possession of the J.I.C. 
('I', 'Singapore')  I said that I felt a little doubtful about this as we already had 2 Indian policement in Singapore and were sending a third, and that meanwhile Bourne seemed to be doing well and would be prepared to stay on on a six monthly basis if we wanted him. 
('I', 'Singapore')  The first proposal was that we should ask the Australians to send a representative to Singapore, although personally I think it would be preferable for us to send an officer to Canberra. 
('I', 'Singapore')  was not in, so Dick and I saw Irwin together and explained to him our liaison in Frankfurt and also with Miller in Singapore. 
('I', 'Singapore')  I further agreed with Hollis's view, that the idea of sending suspects down to Singapore for interrogation was a hopeless one; you could not possibly interrogate a man satisfactorily unless you had all the local records behind you. 
('I', 'Singapore')  I asked MacDonald about the production of intelligence in Malaya and Singapore. 
('I', 'Singapore')  I met there two British naval officers, one who had been on the Prince of Wales when she was sunk and had afterwards got away from Singapore. 
('I', 'Shaw')  I saw Miss Shaw. 
('I', 'Shaw')  I told the D.G, that Sir John Shaw had a very limited knowledge about the whole organisation and work, and that I doubted very much whether he had any idea what the head of S.I.M.E. 
('I', 'Shaw')  It is unfortunate that this should have happened, since Shaw has confirmed Douglas Roberts's view which I am certain was given purely out of pique. 
('I', 'Shaw')  Colonel Shaw came to see me and Harry Allen about the circulars to ex-members of the I. 
('I', 'Shaw')  I dined with Sir John Shaw. 
('I', 'Shaw')  Shaw is very anxious to press on with the recruiting drive, and in this I am sure he is right, but the task of getting suitable people is not so easy. 
('I', 'Shaw')  -------------- I had a talk with Shaw about the Interrogation Centre in Hong Kong. 
('I', 'Shaw')  -------------- I had a conference with Kellar and Shaw on the WYBROW case. 
('I', 'Shaw')  I spoke to Shaw after the meeting and he agreed to obtain copies of the Bills. 
('I', 'Shaw')  I saw Sir Ralph Stephenson, Ambassador to Cairo, in the D.G's absence, with Shaw. 
('I', 'Shaw')  I asked Shaw about the situation in Hong Kong. 
('I', 'Shaw')  I told him that we had had a meeting as he instructed, and that we had agreed that Shaw should have a personal interview with [redacted] making it perfectly clear to him that if he joined this office he would be likely to find himself working under people who were his juniors and that his prospects of promotion in a narrow field would not be very good. 
('I', 'Shaw')  -------------- At the D.G's meeting, when I was in the chair, Shaw said that the Americans, through diplomatic channels, were enquiring about the security of certain key points in the Colonies - bauxite in British Guiana was a case in point. 
('I', 'Shaw')  I gave John Shaw an account of the J.I.C. 
('I', 'Shaw')  I spoke to Shaw about the J.I.C. 
('I', 'Shaw')  I pointed out to Shaw that, as far as the Sudan was concerned, a suggestion was made that we were not in touch with the right people and that we should make contact with the Assistant Commissioner in charge of S.B. 
('I', 'Shaw')  After the meeting Shaw and I drafted an amended version or Drew's proposed letter to B.D.C.C., which was based on the D.G's instructions. 
('FUCHS', 'Skardon')  Sir Edward Travis, Alexander of G.C.H.Q., Dick, Roger, Skardon and I discussed the FUCHS case from the technical angle. 
('FUCHS', 'Skardon')  Skardon interrogated FUCHS this morning. 
('FUCHS', 'Skardon')  Finally, Skardon came to the point, when he suggested tlat FUCHS had been passing infomation to the Russians. 
('FUCHS', 'Skardon')  Skardon then put the point quite bluntly, when FUCHS denied flatly that he had ever done anything of the kind; he could not see why he should want to. 
('FUCHS', 'Skardon')  Skardon took him very carefully over the ground during the period when he was in America, and told him that our information was positive and that we could not disclose our informants, and said that if it was not FUCHS it "could only be his twin brother". 
('FUCHS', 'Skardon')  -------------- Skardon went down to Harwell to see FUCHS at the latter's request. 
('FUCHS', 'Skardon')  Skardon gave an account of his interview with FUCHS to the D.G., Dick, Marriott, Robertson and myself. 
('FUCHS', 'Skardon')  -------------- FUCHS has made a statement to Skardon which incriminates him fairly well. 
('FUCHS', 'Skardon')  [redacted] came over and I gave him the story about FUCHS, in the presence of Dick, John, James, Skardon, and Hill. 
('FUCHS', 'Skardon')  He told me that he had just seen Sir William Strang, who entirely agreed with the proposals, with the exception of one comment; that in the original draft charges we had pin-pointed Boston, Massachusetts, and the British charge had only mentioned the U.K. (the reason for this had been that there was no mention of London in the statement that FUCHS had made to Skardon, although this had come out in other conversations). 
('FUCHS', 'Skardon')  -------------- Jim Skardon, at FUCHS' request and after clearance with FUCHS' solicitor and the D. of P.P., has seen FUCHS who was probably moved by Mrs. Peierls' letter. 
('FUCHS', 'Skardon')  to get hold of Joseph ROBBINS, who was FUCHS' contact in the U.S.A. Jim Skardon had been to get this information out of FUCHS yesterday, identification having been made by photograph. 
('FUCHS', 'Skardon')  We had never refused to allow Hoover's representative to see FUCHS at any time, but we had thought it important both in our interests and in Hoover's to re-establish contact and good relations with FUCHS through Skardon after the trial before anybody else was allowed to interrogate him. 
('FUCHS', 'Skardon')  In fact, Skardon would have been strongly opposed to anybody, even from this office, seeing FUCHS until a later stage. 
('FUCHS', 'Skardon')  Our case has been perfectly clear all along; it would obviously have been undesirable, before or immediately after the trial, for anybody to approach FUCHS except Skardon. 
('FUCHS', 'Skardon')  We have made this clear without closing the door, that as soon as Skardon could report that FUCHS, in spite of his sentence, was in the right kind of mood to co-operate, we could see no objection from an intelligence point of view to the interview taking place. 
('FUCHS', 'Skardon')  I said that in our letter to Morgan we had said that we wanted Skardon to be present in order that he could maintain touch with FUCHS and use to the best advantage the bond of confidence which undoubtedly existed between them. 
('Dutch', 'I')  I asked [redacted] if he had seen the recent report on the PIAT and PESCATORI interrogations which give in considerable detail the low-down on the British, American, French, Polish, Dutch, Russian Czech, German, Italian and Swiss Secret Services, during the war. 
('Dutch', 'I')  I had a meeting of all those who are going to take part in the course for the Dutch officers and explained generally how much information we should impart to them. 
('Dutch', 'I')  Alley, Corin, Vivian and I lunched with the Dutch. 
('Dutch', 'I')  of Justice and Einthoven, it might be possible to make arrangements for a nucleous to come over here, I agreed, but said that I felt it was even more impor- tant for the Dutch to establish a useful stay-behind organisation. 
('Dutch', 'I')  I agreed, but said that I felt it was even more impor- tant for the Dutch to establish a useful stay-behind organisation. 
('Dutch', 'I')  of Justice and Einthoven, it might be possible to make arrangements for a nucleous to come over here, I agreed, but said that I felt it was even more impor- tant for the Dutch to establish a useful stay-behind organisation. 
('Dutch', 'I')  Personally, I have a great deal of sympathy with the Dutch who under endless provocation have decided to set their own house in order without reference to U.N.O. 
('Dutch', 'I')  Van Moyland asked me to come out and meet the Chief of the Dutch Rijkspolitie, but I am afraid I cannot remember his name. 
('Dutch', 'I')  I gather that it is highly critical of Dutch authorities over here during the war. 
('Dutch', 'I')  His main trouble, I think, is due to the Dutch rigid character. 
('Dutch', 'I')  I discussed with him the possibility of his giving us his assistance in the event of an influx of Dutch refugees. 
('Dutch', 'I')  I spoke to Cowgill regarding the possibility of getting the Belgian and Dutch experts over here to help us with the refugee problem. 
('Dutch', 'I')  I suggested that the Dutch should be urged to transfer MOERZ (believed to have been responsible for the Venlo incident) and certain other people arrested to this country. 
('Dutch', 'I')  The Dutch were thought to be resisting well at that moment and the British have apparently landed troops in Holland, I believe they were Guards and only stayed 36 hours. 
('Dutch', 'I')  I saw Cowgill and [redacted] this morning about the Dutch and Belgian refugees. 
('Dutch', 'I')  In the meantime I find that Dutch refugees are coming in and after passing through a specified reception centre are going to private addresses. 
('Dutch', 'I')  I said that I felt our line should be to ensure that Dutch and Belgian refugees were not disposed of all over the country before their cases had been fully examined by somebody who had a knowledge of the country and people. 
('Captain', 'I')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Captain', 'I')  I told Captain Moran that I was in a slightly difficult position, in that I appeared, through no desire of my own, to be assisting the prosecution and the defence. 
('Captain', 'I')  If I found that it was in order, I felt that Captain Moran should inform Colonel Stephens's Counsel of what had been said. 
('Captain', 'I')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Captain', 'I')  I told Captain Moran that I was in a slightly difficult position, in that I appeared, through no desire of my own, to be assisting the prosecution and the defence. 
('Captain', 'I')  If I found that it was in order, I felt that Captain Moran should inform Colonel Stephens's Counsel of what had been said. 
('Captain', 'I')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Captain', 'I')  I tola Captain Moran that I was in a slightly difficult position, in that I appeared, through no desire of my own, to be assisting the prosecution and the defence. 
('Captain', 'I')  If I found that it was in order, I felt that Captain Moran should infom Colonel Stephens's Counsel of what had been said. 
('Captain', 'I')  I gave a talk to newly-joined officers on the history of the office, from 1891 onwards when Captain Edmonds, (General Edmonds, if he is not dead, the author of the History of the First World War) was the recipient in the War office of all information dealing with espionage. 
('Captain', 'I')  I had a talk with two Swedes, one Kriminaloverkonstapel BOGEFELDT of the Police and the other Captain GEIJER of the Army. 
('Captain', 'I')  I was prompted to do this by a suggestion of Group Captain Paul that something should be done to watch these scientists when they visited their home country. 
('Captain', 'I')  I told all this to Group Captain Paul and also drew his attention to the various discussions which had taken place on the J.I.C., when we had strongly represented the undesirability of employing Germans on secret work for an indefinite period. 
('Captain', 'I')  I undertook to speak to Group Captain Paul at the J.I.C. 
('Captain', 'I')  I spoke to Group Captain Paul after the J.I.C. 
('Captain', 'I')  Von PFEFFER who I believe to be identical with the notorious Captain PFEFFER of the German S.S. 
('Captain', 'I')  I talked to Captain Brand and Little of the Canadian N.I.D. 
('Canada', 'I')  I thought that this position would be rectified if a JIC were established in Canada on the London model namely, the inclusion of External Affairs and the R.C.M.P. 
('Canada', 'I')  I told him that we were particularly interested in the activities of the Russian S.S. which were related to the Rotekapelle organisation and also to the CORBY case in Canada. 
('Canada', 'I')  He wants to work for another 2-5 years and a I though he would be prepared to go to Singapore he would prefer to be in the dollar area as he has his boys at school in Canada and will be keeping them there until thy have completed their education. 
('Canada', 'I')  I pointed out that Peter Dwyer, although an excellent fellow and doing extremely well, so actually doing our work in Canada and that there seemed to be a very positive need for somebody from our dept. 
('Canada', 'I')  I heard rumours when I was in Canada that there was once question of posting him to one of the provinces. 
('Canada', 'I')  I had a talk with Inspector Dick of the R.C.M.P., who is concerned with Internment Camps in time of war in Canada. 
('Canada', 'I')  Although one of my objects in doing so was to discuss with Cyril Mills GARBO's notional agent and the WATCHDOG case, I doubt whether I had much discussion on Communism in Canada. 
('Canada', 'I')  I asked the Ambassador whether he had any comments on what appeared to be a development over the last year, namely, attempts by Russians officials, both here and in Canada, to make contact with local officials among the Services. 
('Canada', 'I')  I said that this was not of course satisfactory from a security point of view, that it had been agreed to place the consuls under house arrest and cut off their telephones, the reason being that the consulates were the organising centres of the Fascio and that documentary information had been received that the Fascio in Canada and one of the local Consuls were planning acts of sabotage. 
('Canada', 'I')  I said that I hardly thought it worth while pressing the Air Ministry to get us a seat on the plane for Burt to go to Canada and America, until we had made an attempt here to clear up the case through the interrogation of various Poles who have travelledon Sikorski's plane. 
('Canada', 'I')  I gave Tibbett Theo's memo on the white card system, asked him to consider it and discuss it with me on my return from Canada. 
('Canada', 'I')  I spent the evening with Dren Brook, who is Wren's representative in Canada. 
('Canada', 'I')  I had thought that possibly he might have gone back to Canada as a XX.GROBBEN is a reliable seaman who might have been employed if his case had not been bungled by the Navy at Gib. 
('Canada', 'I')  After giving a short account of the work of the various organisations in America, and Canada, I summarised the position as I saw it today on the Home Front. 
('Canada', 'I')  I am asking Victor to take the matter up in New York and Canada and if necessary B-W might go out to Montreal to do the job, which he would undoubtedly handle it extremely well. 
('Canada', 'I')  I had lunch with Jimmy Rothschild who is worried about the behaviour of his French cousin in Canada. 
('Canada', 'I')  Thereswas also the question of his going over to run the JANOWISKI case in Canada, but I thought we could not come to any final conclusion about his charter until we had seen Thurston and. 
('Belgium', 'Holland')  The Abwehr's main efforts were concentrated against outposts in Holland and Belgium. 
('Belgium', 'Holland')  This takes us back to Sir John Anderson's ruling of 1926, after a British Communist, Mary Moorhouse, had been expelled from Holland or Belgium as a result of information supplied by us through Passport Control. 
('Belgium', 'Holland')  During the year considerable progress has been made with Western Union, which is now backed by the Atlantic Pact, and there are certainly signs of economic recovery, particularly in Holland and Belgium. 
('Belgium', 'Holland')  He has had a fairly satisfactory answer from Belgium, Holland and Luxembourg, and has got some concessions out of the French, although the position there cannot be said to be wholly satisfactory. 
('Belgium', 'Holland')  In France, Belgium and Holland it centred round the Peace Campaign. 
('Belgium', 'Holland')  He evidently has very good connections both in Belgium and Holland. 
('Belgium', 'Holland')  The Minister thought that Belgium would move if Holland were invaded but they had no precise information about this point. 
('Belgium', 'Holland')  On Jan. 8th Halifax told the Belgian Minister that we had certain information from Italian and other secret sources that the project for the invasion of Holland and Belgium had not been abandoned and might take place in Feb. 
('Belgium', 'Holland')  A German aeroplane came down in Belgium the other day with certain papers found on the pilot indicating projected attack by the Germans on Belgium and Holland. 
('Belgium', 'Holland')  German agents are trying to spread the view in Holland and Belgium that if they went through Maastrecht there would be no need for Holland to oppose them. 
('Belgium', 'Holland')  U.35 has just returned from Holland and Belgium. 
('Belgium', 'Holland')  (3) An offensive in the West including occupation of Holland and partial occupation of Belgium. 
('Belgium', 'Holland')  He does not believe in an invasion of Holland, or Belgium, but thinks that had we intervened in Finland Germany would have gone into Scandinavia. 
('Belgium', 'Holland')  SCHUTZ has now written to [redacted] who went over to Holland or Belgium where contact was made with a man from Hamburg. 
('Belgium', 'Holland')  Feeling in Holland and Belgium is very strongly anti-German, Van Oorschott is of opinion that if an attack is launched through Maastrecht, the Dutch will fight and fall back on the Belgian positions, which are very strong. 
('Belgium', 'Holland')  The following arrangements have been made regarding refugees from Holland and Belgium (a) male Germans and Austrians are being put into Pentonville. 
('Belgium', 'Holland')  He thought that the Germans would either shoot up any unarmed civilians who resisted or drive them in front of the German forces as they had done in Holland and Belgium. 
('Anthony', 'I')  Anthony tells me that the Control Commission have done nothing about Padgham although they had a letter which I sent out to Dick for the DG's signature when he was in Germany, advancing Padgham's claim for some form of employment in military government. 
('Anthony', 'I')  Dick, Curry, Anthony and I discussed the case of Padgham. 
('Anthony', 'I')  I suggested that Dick and Anthony should put all the facts to Vansi ttart and get his backing for our point of view, Since Van's advice carried great weight with Padgham. 
('Anthony', 'I')  I lunched with Anthony to discuss the case of PADGHAM. 
('Anthony', 'I')  I had lunch to-day with Anthony Blunt, when he told me that PADGHAM was exercised in his mind about a statement in the file of the PUTLITZ establishment branch of the German Foreign Office, that, owing to his relations with Willy SCHNEIDER, he had been blackmailed into acting as a British agent. 
('Anthony', 'I')  I told Anthony that I would consider the point and let him know. 
('Anthony', 'I')  -------------- I lunched with Anthony Blunt. 
('Anthony', 'I')  I lunched with Anthony (RIUNT) to-day. 
('Anthony', 'I')  I had a further discussion about Tommy HARRIS with Dick and Anthony Simkins. 
('Anthony', 'I')  Yesterday I received a call from Anthony BLUNT, who wanted if possible to see me. 
('Anthony', 'I')  I saw Anthony at my flat and obtained from him the above comments. 
('Anthony', 'I')  After consultation with Dick, I rang Anthony and confirmed the above view. 
('Anthony', 'I')  I saw Anthony Blunt yesterday at the Travellers club. 
('Anthony', 'I')  I lunched with Colonel Hoare of the Economic League and Anthony Pollen, when we merely talked generalities. 
('Anthony', 'I')  I dined with Anthony Pollen. 
('Anthony', 'I')  I saw Anthony Bouverie last night. 
('Anthony', 'I')  I lunched with Anthony POLLEN who is going as assistant manager to Harland Shortes of Belfast. 
('Alec', 'I')  I said that I thought we had to go forward with the firm conviction that we had the best man we could possibly put into the job es the head of SIME in Alec Kellar, and that we should say so to the Comnander in Chief and hope that the proposal would be acceptable to him. 
('Alec', 'I')  He saw Harry, Dick, Alec and Roger and I think felt that his visit had been profitable. 
('Alec', 'I')  I had a meeting with Charles, Dick, Alec and others in preparation for the subsequent one at the War Office on our military ceiling. 
('Alec', 'I')  We have, however, made a start by sending Alec out as a civilian, and I think the rest will follow before long. 
('Alec', 'I')  I spent an evening with Alec Kellar, who is leaving to-morrow to take up his appointment in the Middle East. 
('Alec', 'I')  I learned on arrival that Dick had to leave for the Middle East as Alec Kellar has had to go to hospital. 
('Alec', 'I')  I learned on arrival that Dick has had to leave for the Middle East as Alec Kellar has had to go to hospital. 
('Alec', 'I')  I have had several long talks with Alec Kellar about his experiences in S.I.F.E. 
('Alec', 'I')  I had a long discussion with Dick and Alec about overseas matters. 
('Alec', 'I')  I has a talk wit Alec and Malcolm Cumming about sending McMillan to Malaya, McMillan cannot spare the time to stay more than a few days in the ares; it is therefore necessary that as much of the ground should be cleared as possible so that full use can be made of his expert advice. 
('Alec', 'I')  I talked to Alec about the Lebanon. 
('Alec', 'I')  I told him about and his work, and introduced him to Alec Kellar and Haldane Porter. 
('Alec', 'I')  I asked Alec to study the problem and let me have his comments. 
('Alec', 'I')  -------------- I had a meeting with [redacted] and [redacted], Alec Kellar, Derek Hamblen and Clayton on policy in West Africa. 
('Alec', 'I')  -------------- Alec and I went to see Sir John MacPherson, Governor of Nigeria, who is home on leave. 
('Alec', 'I')  His telephone number was [missing] I spoke to Alec Kellar and put him in touch. 
('Alec', 'I')  I agree that this method of assessing the situation would be the moet satisfactory, but am a little doubtful whether we shall get quite the right answer from Alec. 
('I', 'Peter')  C. was not very clear what Peter Dwyer was doing but suspected that I shout have a word with Philby. 
('I', 'Peter')  On arrival at Dieppe we were I am glad to say met by Peter Hope. 
('I', 'Peter')  I talked to Peter Hope and also to Bobby McKenzie about the future of our office. 
('I', 'Peter')  In the evening I dined with Carnac, McLelland who is in charge of Corby, and Peter Dwyer. 
('I', 'Peter')  I pointed out that Peter Dwyer, although an excellent fellow and doing extremely well, so actually doing our work in Canada and that there seemed to be a very positive need for somebody from our dept. 
('I', 'Peter')  I said that Peter Dwyer was doing excellent work and that he was thoroughly persona grata with everybody. 
('I', 'Peter')  I saw Peter Hope, and told him that I was afraid there was nothing that we could offer him. 
('I', 'Peter')  I was insistant that if we had an officer there he should not share his office with Peter Dwyer. 
('I', 'Peter')  I recommended to Peter to have a talk with B.3., since as far as our information went the risks in Paris were very considerable. 
('I', 'Peter')  It would have been possible, I suppose, for Peter Dwyer to wade through every single document and to send us a copy of the diary, and it may well be that if we had had our own representative there, who would have had an M.I.5 rather than an M.I.6 approach to the problem, this would have been done. 
('I', 'Peter')  I paid a courtesy call on [redacted] when I told him about Peter KERRIGAN's visit. 
('I', 'Peter')  I have discussed with Dick and Peter de Wesselow the case of Andrew REVAI. 
('I', 'Peter')  I was out till 4.30 p.m. looking after Peter. 
('I', 'Peter')  I saw Peter jope who told me that he had had a certain amount of trouble in New- castle with an S.I.S. 
('I', 'Peter')  In the evening I had a talk wita Peter Loxley about A.C.E. 
('I', 'Peter')  He told me that Peter Fleming was on his way back from India and I suggested that he might wait and have a talk with him. 
('I', 'Morton')  We did, however, think that more attention might be given to general security; I suggested that Drew should have a talk with Morton Evans. 
('I', 'Morton')  Morton is, I think, pleased with his visit and feels confident that if given the chance he could do valuable work in Iraq. 
('I', 'Morton')  Morton is, I think, pleased with his visit and feels confident that if given the chance he could do valuable work in Iraq. 
('I', 'Morton')  Morton is, I think, pleased with his visit and feels confident that if given the chance he could do valuable work in Iraq. 
('I', 'Morton')  I had a long talk with Jack Morton about iraq.A CThere is no doubt that he has got a very good organisation goingrandVED has the respect of everyone in the area. 
('I', 'Morton')  I had a talk with Jack Morton about his new job, which I am sure he will carry out with efficiency and success. 
('I', 'Morton')  I do not think that such instructions would be much use unless our Police Forces were in a position to tell foreign Police Forces that they should deal on Security Intelligence matters I suggested that we should send a wire to Dick to discuss this matter and Jack Morton. 
('I', 'Morton')  Morton is still jibbing about having Elwell: I gather mainly because he does not want a married officer. 
('I', 'Morton')  I might have added, as I learned from Jack Morton this morning, that in S.I.F.E. 
('I', 'Morton')  -------------- Jack Morton, whom I saw for a minute, is full of woes which are, in order of priority, as follows: (i) Housing and staff, and (ii) Colonial Police Forces and S.I.S. 
('I', 'Morton')  I had a long talk with Jack Morton, who is still very worried about the administration side of S.I.F.E. 
('I', 'Morton')  I had a long talk with Jack Morton who has returned today. 
('I', 'Morton')  I lunched with Desmond Morton, Jasper and Charles. 
('I', 'Morton')  I had a long conversation with Desmond Morton about M & E. Morton feels that an impasse has been reached since while we point out to the W.0. 
('I', 'Morton')  the D.G.s only suggestion was to get hold of Morton-Evans and somebody from the Post Office, exactly why the Post Office I do not know, and have a conference. 
('I', 'Morton')  He thought it rould be riven independence under the direction of Morton Evans and would have Ryle as a O liaison with section V. I gatier that Dansey is likely to retire before very long and that probably Moses Beddington will take his place. 
('I', 'Jones')  I rang up Cornwall Jones whom I subsequently saw and explained to him the implications of of Ike's despatch as it stood at present. 
('I', 'Jones')  Jones to know the source of this information I would consider it if he would let me know. 
('I', 'Jones')  Meanwhile Furnival Jones will continue to do his present work in relation to all three Services, I suggested that it might work properly, at any rate in so far as the J.I.C. 
('I', 'Jones')  18th October 1946 I had a discussion with Kirby Green, Cumming and Furnival Jones about passages for our overseas officers. 
('I', 'Jones')  I explained to him the general lay-out of the office, and introduced him to Hollis and Furnival Jones. 
('I', 'Jones')  I gather that Creech Jones is not altogether in favour of such a course and prefers some via media. 
('I', 'Jones')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hollis and Furnival Jones about the discussion at tomorrow J.C. on the Intelligence Division of the Control Commission in Germany. 
('I', 'Jones')  I explained to him the general lay-out of the office, and introduced him to Hollis and Furnival Jones. 
('I', 'Jones')  I gather that Creech Jones is not altogether in favour of such a course and prefers some via media. 
('I', 'Jones')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hollis and Furnival Jones about the discussion at tomorrow J.I.C. 
('I', 'Jones')  I explained to him the general lay-out of the office, and introduced him to Hollis and Furnival Jones. 
('I', 'Jones')  After discussion with D.C. and Arthur Martin, I spoke to 'C about Martin giving details of the PEACH case to Jones (of G.C.H.Q.) 
('I', 'Jones')  I saw Jones, Lodge and Weiler from the Home Office Aliens Branch, on the question of the mechanisation of Post Report and the Central Aliens Register. 
('I', 'Jones')  Meanwhile I learned that Burt had approached Skardon, evidently rather hurt that the renewal of the suggestion that Jones Bhould lecture had not come to him through Dick White or myself. 
('I', 'Jones')  March 25th I talked to Jones about Hooper. 
('I', 'Jones')  I saw a man called Jones wno is a candidat for the post of enterrogator at the Reception Centre in London for British subjects. 
('Howe', 'I')  Burt told me that he thought it would be a good thing if I had a word with Howe and put him au fait with the Russian case. 
('Howe', 'I')  I lunched with Howe today and gave him the latest dope on the CORBY case and told him that it was now in the realm of high politics and there was no chance or any thing being done until the Americans were ready. 
('Howe', 'I')  I spoke to Howe on the telephone and told him about MAY'S confession and the excellent piece of work that Burt had done. 
('Howe', 'I')  Howe gave a lunch to Harker at the Dorchester, at which Charles and I were present. 
('Howe', 'I')  suggested that I should speak to Howe, which I accordingly did. 
('Howe', 'I')  I saw Howe and spoke to him about Skardon, He was entirely cordial, provided the necessary pension arrangements could be made. 
('Howe', 'I')  I saw Howe and spoke to him about Skardon, He was entirely cordial, provided the necessary pension arrangements could be made. 
('Howe', 'I')  , 'Vickery, Ronnie Howe and I had lunch with Sanjevi at the Savoy. 
('Howe', 'I')  I said that I was quite prepared to talk to Howe about this, but this was impossible since officially I knew nothing about Burt's departure. 
('Howe', 'I')  I went to see Howe and Burt about the case of Dorothy WOODMAN. 
('Howe', 'I')  I said I had spoken to Howe and Burt about this, who were both in favour of coming in under the scheme, but there were others who would not agree. 
('Howe', 'I')  Howe tad me that two things had recently come to his notice about which he thought I ought to know. 
('Howe', 'I')  I said that I should like to take this up, but Howe was anxious that I should say nothing until he had made further enquiries about [redacted]. 
('Howe', 'I')  I had respected Howe's wishes, but I was nevertheless anxious to clear the position up with [redacted] undertook to have another talk with Howe. 
('Howe', 'I')  -------------- Ronnie Howe and I went to see Sir John Anderson, now Chairman of P.L.A. 
('Howe', 'I')  I went to see Ronnie Howe and Burt, after receiving a message from Keith Randell in Germany about a Dr. MEYER of the Ministry of the Interior in Rhine Westphalia; who was visiting the Yard with officials from the other Laender. 
('Head', 'I')  80 Dick and I lunched with Vickery and Bamford, when we discussed the various eventualities which might arise if an Indian was appointed as Head of D.I.B. 
('Head', 'I')  then said that he was considerably impressed by the arguments that I had put forward, par- ticularly that one which I also put forward that anybody taking over the Head of SIME should have had considerable experience in our office in London, and that it was our general policy to have a complete interchange officers at home and abroad. 
('Head', 'I')  said that he would speak 102 to Kellar and has, I think, made up his mind to appoint him as Head of S.I.M.E. 
('Head', 'I')  I have suggested to TAR that, in so far as Cairo is concerned, this is a matter for the Head of SIME to look into. 
('Head', 'I')  The camp had been set up on the orders of Lord Swinton, who was, I believe, at that time Executive Head of M.1.5. 
('Head', 'I')  came to see me about the General Research Section of I.S.I.C., the Head of which has resigned. 
('Head', 'I')  The camp had been set up on the orders of Lord Swinton, who was, I believe, at that time Executive Head of M.I.5. 
('Head', 'I')  came to see me about the General Research Section of I.S.I.C., the Head of which has resigned. 
('Head', 'I')  The camp had been set up on the orders of Lord Swinton, who was, I believe, 155 at that time Executive Head of M.I.5. 
('Head', 'I')  Kellar has, I think, persuaded him that such qualifications are not necessary in the Head of S.I.F.E. 
('Head', 'I')  Executive, or even the local party Head- quarters, I felt this was unlikely. 
('Head', 'I')  I said that the Head of SIME was in this country and could assist in the drafting of any such report. 
('Head', 'I')  9th June, I saw Turnbull, Head of the C.I.D. 
('Head', 'I')  I arranged to have lunch with him, when he told me that he was having trouble from a man called WOODS, who apparently had been employed in the same firm, Head. 
('Head', 'I')  I intervened to make it clear what our responsibilities were, and to add that we had given General Templer the Head of S.I.F.E. 
('Head', 'I')  I saw Colonel Bajhat, Head of the Iraqi C.I.D., to-day. 
('Hart', 'I')  I had a word with Toby and Hart about a suggestion that those wishing to visit protected areas should carry a special pass. 
('Hart', 'I')  I had a long discussion over the weekend with Hart about our functions vis a vis Section V. and S.I.S. 
('Hart', 'I')  I said that he would give me the numbers of the messages I would get Hart to give him an opinion. 
('Hart', 'I')  Hart, Montague and I had a discussion about PRYNNE, the wireless operator on the Shetland. 
('Hart', 'I')  Hart, and I went over to the Admiralty about the Faroes case. 
('Hart', 'I')  Hart and I got some further details. 
('Hart', 'I')  Dick, Hart and I had a meeting about the Belgian THORN, who has appeared on ISOS. 
('Hart', 'I')  Hart and Gwyer feel that it is difficult to deal with subjects such as the Middle East and the Iberian Peninsula without the detailed knowledge which must be reposing in Section V. It would I think in present circumstances be impossible to aske Section V. to make a further contri- bution since they are so hard-worked and under-staffed. 
('Hart', 'I')  Rothschild was violently anti- Zionist and asfar as I knew Hart is too. 
('Hart', 'I')  802 September 26th I had a long conversation with Curry and Hart about the keeping up to date of Curry's work on the Abwehr. 
('Hart', 'I')  September 28th I had a meeting with Dick, topford, Hart, about action in connection with Ostro. 
('Hart', 'I')  On the other hand Hart goes on to say that the Germans have made an attempt te establish contact with the Welsh Nationalists and also with the I.R.A. 
('Hart', 'I')  There is I think one other factor which Hart has left out of the account, namely the knowledge the Germans had through the machine tool industry of our incapaicty to make war. 
('Hart', 'I')  October 9th Hart and I went to N.I.D. 
('Hart', 'I')  Hart took the situation in hand, told A.D. N. I. that this was non- sense and a rather/sticky meeting ensued. 
('Hart', 'I')  Melland came over and Curry, Dick, Hart and I had a talk with him. 
('Duff', 'I')  The general impression I got was that Duff was extremely good in handling the French although I gather that quite a number of people are sniping at him at home. 
('Duff', 'I')  Hope I think gets on extremely well with all his French opposite numbers and both Duff and Bobby find him useful. 
('Duff', 'I')  I think, based on conversations with Duff, that a resurgence of Right Wing parties in Germany is the most serious nenace at the moment. 
('Duff', 'I')  If this is really so, I have maligned MONTAGU in thinking he was the person who inspired Duff to write the book. 
('Duff', 'I')  I was sure that it was only in this way that we could get results, even though nothing in the way of Duff or secret writing had come out of our 100%censorship of Iberian mails. 
('Duff', 'I')  Later I had an hour's interview with Duff- Cooper. 
('Duff', 'I')  He was I dined with D.G., Duff, Lord Selborn, Keswick I think of S.O.E., and Sir William Wise- The latter had just arrived here from the States. 
('Duff', 'I')  Thors may be something to be done on the lines that he sugaests, if I were to see Duff Cooper but organisationally I still think such a move would be unsound. 
('Duff', 'I')  He told me that he had had several hours with Duff-Cooper who I gather is in favour of Stephenson holding a mandate for the Security Service. 
('Duff', 'I')  I explained to Duff that I thought Stephenson could carry this with advantage if he were made our repre- sentative. 
('Duff', 'I')  In the evening I went down to Tring with Victor and Duff-Cooper. 
('Duff', 'I')  I think Duff was feeling rather bad about this question since Diana is threatened with a prosecution for having accepted free gratis a sack of stale bread from the baker which she was intending to give to her pigs. 
('Duff', 'I')  I said I thought this should be a matter for Duff Cooper to take up with the Treasury and the Home Office. 
('Duff', 'I')  I saw Duff-Cooper on 3 matters: Ostro, AMERI) -can representation and Peppermint. 
('Duff', 'I')  He recommends that Duff should make a further approach to C. I had a long talk with Denniston on the subject of enquiry into enemy aliens. 
('Duff', 'I')  In the afternoon I saw Duff-Cooper in order to explain to him that I had taken his name in vain on Sunday night by getting Rothschild to convey a message from him to Malcolm MacDonald about the publicity in the JANOWSKI case. 
('Cussen', 'I')  I talked to Cussen about the case of ZIGZAG. 
('Cussen', 'I')  I spoke to Cussen about the case of ZIGZAG. 
('Cussen', 'I')  Roger, Burt, Cussen, Sinclair and I had a meeting about handling MAY. 
('Cussen', 'I')  I attended a meeting in Harker's room with Cussen and Vesey (a) on the subject of the prosecution of ZIGZAG and (b) on a spy book written by one FIRMIN, Crime Correspondent of the Daily Telegraph. 
('Cussen', 'I')  I had a long meeting with Burt, TAR, Hunter, Wilkinson of S.B., Cussen and Sargent of D.3 on the case of the man who went to the French Embassy with plans from Hawkers. 
('Cussen', 'I')  I recommended that we should stick to our line and that Wakefield should discuss the matter with Cussen, who initiated the case, and if necessary go with OCssen and see the Treasury Solicitors. 
('Cussen', 'I')  I asked him whether he would like Cussen. 
('Cussen', 'I')  I got hold of Cussen, to whom he gave a full picture. 
('Cussen', 'I')  I have told all this to the D.G., who had previously approved of my seeing Cussen, and subsequently approved of the use or Dick Butler. 
('Cussen', 'I')  I asked him whether he would like Cussen. 
('Cussen', 'I')  I got hold of Cussen, to whom he gave a full picture. 
('Cussen', 'I')  I have told all this to the D.G., who had previously approved of my seeing Cussen, and subsequently approved of the use of Dick Butler. 
('Cussen', 'I')  I discussed this matter with Cussen. 
('Cussen', 'I')  I emphasised the necessity of keeping Tangye out of enquiries of this sort and Cussen agreed. 
('Cussen', 'I')  I saw Hale about SCOTT-FORD, to decide whether Cussen or the local police shou take the usual statement. 
('Cussen', 'I')  Kimball is having a talk with Cussen and Burt 750 I had a talk with Kenneth and Kembal Johnson about INTERAVIA and the Swedish Air Lines. 
('Curry', 'Dick')  Dick, Curry and I had a further discussion on office organisation. 
('Curry', 'Dick')  Curry seemed to think that it was quite impossible for him to work under Dick. 
('Curry', 'Dick')  Dick, Curry, John Noble and I gave a dinner to Sloane who is returning to Czechoslovakia. 
('Curry', 'Dick')  I rather gather that he thought of telling Curry that there was nothing derogatory in working under Dick. 
('Curry', 'Dick')  Dick and I had a talk with Curry about his proposal that he should run straight intelligence. 
('Curry', 'Dick')  Dick and I continue to talk with Curry wha suggested that there should be two. 
('Curry', 'Dick')  I had meeting with Dick, TAR, Curry, Vesey and Miss Wadeson on the Etappendienst and about the cases of JAKOBS and STREBEL. 
('Curry', 'Dick')  Dick, Curry, Anthony and I discussed the case of Padgham. 
('Curry', 'Dick')  Curry, Dick, Stopford and I visited SLAMA and had an interesting discussion. 
('Curry', 'Dick')  I have discussed with Dick and Curry Hankey's request for information about the arrest of enemy aliens and a suitable memo has been prepared. 
('Curry', 'Dick')  We came to the conclusion that we three, Curry and Dick should be at headquarters, but that it might be for consideration whether other officers should not be attached to regional commissioners or at any rate be more or less mobile, We were all agreed that for this purpose we should have to treble our transport. 
('Curry', 'Dick')  and Dick and Curry, as I wanted Crocker to hear from M. the probable effect on S.B. 
('Curry', 'Dick')  I had a meeting with Dick and Curry about bringing Curry's work on the Abwehr up to date. 
('Curry', 'Dick')  I said that I would have to discuss this with Dick and also two other suggestions which Curry put up as to work he might usefully do. 
('Curry', 'Dick')  Melland came over and Curry, Dick, Hart and I had a talk with him. 
('Curry', 'Dick')  Dick, Curry and I went to Glenalmond. 
('Clayton', 'I')  Clayton talked to me about TILTON who if he does not get he appointment with us in the Far East wishes to take up his case with the Air Ministry in order to clear his name I told Clayton to give his report to Dick who could discuss the matter with Dixon. 
('Clayton', 'I')  I had a meeting with Charles, Horrocks, Dick, Ede, Clayton and Kellar to discuss administrative matters in connection with SIFE and SIME. 
('Clayton', 'I')  Dick, Bertram, Clayton, Courtenay, James Robertson and I had a discussion on the liquidation of O.C. 
('Clayton', 'I')  I asked Clayton to tell me about BUSTAMENTE and PIXLEY, who were at present on trial in Jamaica. 
('Clayton', 'I')  I discussed with Dick, Kirby Green and Clayton the proposal that K.G. 
('Clayton', 'I')  113 Dick, Kellar, Clayton and I had a meeting about East Africa. 
('Clayton', 'I')  I had a meeting on East Africa with Dick, Perfect, Spencer and Clayton in order to work out some kind of charter for the D.S.O. 
('Clayton', 'I')  I explained to him what we were doing and the reasons, which he fully understand He thought it might be a good thing if TAR and Wakefield, who is going to handle arms traffic under Hill, had a talk with Clayton, who is trying to co-ordinate this matter in the War office. 
('Clayton', 'I')  I spoke to Roger about this and asked him to arrange for a meeting between Perfect and Clayton of the Admiralty. 
('Clayton', 'I')  -------------- I had a meeting with [redacted] and [redacted], Alec Kellar, Derek Hamblen and Clayton on policy in West Africa. 
('Clayton', 'I')  Ispoke to both Clayton and Cooper and said tas that this whole business about the lists had reduced our contemplated action and instructions to a farce, and I asked whethere there was any objection to my taking up the question with D.S.S. 
('Clayton', 'I')  I told Clayton what we knew about him and he seemed satisfied that the man should remain prison until we had time to investigate his affairs more closely. 
('Clayton', 'I')  I have told Clayton that this is not our idea at all. 
('Clayton', 'I')  I have's therefore, asked Clayton to find out the exact nature of the communication from PLATZ. 
('Clayton', 'I')  I remained on at Blenheim for the S.C.O.S dinner when I had long conversations until after midnight with MacPhail, Clayton Brown etc. 
('Clayton', 'I')  Gibbs is not angling for the position but I am certain that he could take over the whole business, probably with the assistance of Clayton, who is the only person in Overseas Control doing a really useful job of work. 
('Cimperman', 'I')  I saw John Cimperman. 
('Cimperman', 'I')  I suggested that we should consult Cimperman and place the onus on the F.B.I. 
('Cimperman', 'I')  I told them about my conversation with Cimperman. 
('Cimperman', 'I')  I saw Cimperman about UDHAM SINGH, the Indian who wants to go to California, on the flimsy excuse that he is going to help his uncle on a farm. 
('Cimperman', 'I')  I had a talk with John Cimperman. 
('Cimperman', 'I')  I said I thought I had better just mention this fact to Cimperman. 
('Cimperman', 'I')  I asked Cimperman to tell Ladd that we should be interested in any further information he might get. 
('Cimperman', 'I')  Lastly I told Cimperman to tell Ladd that I hoped before very long to let him have the Garbo story for his own private information. 
('Cimperman', 'I')  I told Cimperman he had better discuss this with Hollis. 
('Cimperman', 'I')  I gave Cimperman a letter, showing the general layout of the office. 
('Cimperman', 'I')  I said that we had been somewhat embarrassed when Cimperman asked us for information. 
('Cimperman', 'I')  I recommended to Thompson that he should discuss the matter with John Cimperman, as it seemed to me that subversive movements here could have little bearing on the work of the Embassy security officers abroad. 
('Cimperman', 'I')  -------------- I spent the evening with Lish Whitson and Johnny Cimperman. 
('Cimperman', 'I')  Lish Whitson came in to say goodbye and I went out to lunch with him and Johnny Cimperman. 
('Cimperman', 'I')  I subsequently rang Cimperman and explained the position. 
('Cimperman', 'I')  I said that I could probably do something, and subsequently wrote a line to Cimperman. 
('Belgian', 'Dutch')  In the statements made by the Belgian, Dutch and French delegates, it seemed that the pattern of Communist activity was very much the same as our own. 
('Belgian', 'Dutch')  evidently expect a violation of Dutch and possibly Belgian terri- tory. 
('Belgian', 'Dutch')  apparently protested to Berlin about a possible violation of Dutch and Belgian territory. 
('Belgian', 'Dutch')  The only precaution we can take is to arrange for representatives of the Dutch and Belgian police to come over here and help us in sorting these people out. 
('Belgian', 'Dutch')  The aviator who came down on Belgian territory with information of the last Dutch-Belgian crisis had apparently genuine documents with him and was not intended as a plant. 
('Belgian', 'Dutch')  Feeling in Holland and Belgium is very strongly anti-German, Van Oorschott is of opinion that if an attack is launched through Maastrecht, the Dutch will fight and fall back on the Belgian positions, which are very strong. 
('Belgian', 'Dutch')  The problem of Belgian and Dutch refugees was considered. 
('Belgian', 'Dutch')  I spoke to Cowgill regarding the possibility of getting the Belgian and Dutch experts over here to help us with the refugee problem. 
('Belgian', 'Dutch')  I saw Cowgill and [redacted] this morning about the Dutch and Belgian refugees. 
('Belgian', 'Dutch')  are worried about the situation, as there is every reason to think that there may be a percentage of 5th columnists among the Belgian and Dutch refugees reaching this country. 
('Belgian', 'Dutch')  I said that I felt our line should be to ensure that Dutch and Belgian refugees were not disposed of all over the country before their cases had been fully examined by somebody who had a knowledge of the country and people. 
('Belgian', 'Dutch')  We had the necessary Dutch experts available and the Belgian members of the Surete were expected in the course of a day or two. 
('Belgian', 'Dutch')  The ports could pass the people over the Black List and if any were affected they could be sent to special reception centres but this did not mean that every Belgian and Dutch subject should not be interrogated carefully at some stage. 
('Belgian', 'Dutch')  A large number of British subjects who were more Dutch and Belgian than British have arrived, having passed through a centre and are being interrogated under special arrangements. 
('Belgian', 'Dutch')  The Belgian and Dutch refugees are causing a lot of trouble. 
('Belgian', 'Dutch')  The Dutch and Belgian refugees should be sent if possible to America. 
('I', 'Thomas')  I saw Sir Thomas Lloyd about the "Colony Trader" He was quite prepared for the action suggested and proposed to put it to his Committee tomorrow. 
('I', 'Thomas')  This I passed on to Sir Thomas Lloyd. 
('I', 'Thomas')  I saw Sir Thomas Lloyd about the "Colony Trader. 
('I', 'Thomas')  This I passed on to Sir Thomas Lloyd. 
('I', 'Thomas')  Perfect and I lunched with Thomas, c.c. 
('I', 'Thomas')  I lunched with Price and Thomas, the C.C. 
('I', 'Thomas')  I talked to Thomas about an alleged sabotage case to naval aircraft. 
('I', 'Thomas')  I had a meeting with Dick, John Irvine, F.J. and Thomas on our brief for the S.I.C. 
('I', 'Thomas')  I left for Paris with F.J. and Thomas to attend the S.I.C, meeting. 
('I', 'Thomas')  F.J.and Thomas returned to London and I left with for the French zone to attend the manoeuvres. 
('I', 'Thomas')  At Wahn I had talks with General Haydon, Kit Steel, Proctor Thomas, Keith Randall, and Tolson. 
('I', 'Thomas')  I went to see Sincalri about a successor for Thomas. 
('I', 'Thomas')  I saw Sir Thomas Lloyd. 
('I', 'Thomas')  -------------- In the afternoon I saw Sir Thomas Lloyd and handed him a copy of our telegrams to East Africa in connection with BROCKWAY's visit. 
('I', 'Thomas')  I telephoned to Sir Thomas Lloyd and, in his absence, spoke to Mr. Rogers, head of the East African Dept. 
('I', 'Scott')  Hanslope I am told has gone over entirely to SIS business and RSS is shortly to be handed over to Army "Y", under Walter Scott. 
('I', 'Scott')  I explained to Scott exactly what our requirements were. 
('I', 'Scott')  I arranged with Win Scott and Burt that in special cases we would pass the names of immigrants or visitors to the USA over police records. 
('I', 'Scott')  I saw Scott and told him that I was very much afraid that there would be nothing here for him of a permanent nature, but that his services might well be required in a temporary capacity to deal with Anders's Army when it was demobilised. 
('I', 'Scott')  The DG, TAR and I were taken by Win Scott to see Admiral Leahy. 
('I', 'Scott')  I saw Scott and told him that we should be prepared to keep him on for a year, but that I could give him no guarantee of permanent employment. 
('I', 'Scott')  In the evening I met Scott, a grandson of C.P. 
('I', 'Scott')  to MacNeil - not, I venture to think, a very suitable appointment Scott is in the News Department of the Foreign Office. 
('I', 'Scott')  Win Scott brought Penrose and Rositzky of the C.I.G, to see me: they have been touring round Europe, Rositzky is clearly the brighter of the two,and I should think a fairly slick operator. 
('I', 'Scott')  149 I lunched with Win Scott and the C.I.G. 
('I', 'Scott')  I said that I would try and get clearance from Win Scott. 
('I', 'Scott')  Newsam was rather inclined to play this down at first, but I got strong support from Harold Scott. 
('I', 'Scott')  I spoke to Hunt at No.10 about "Democratic German Report" and promised to send him a short note on John Scott PEET and on what we knew about the circulation of the Report. 
('I', 'Scott')  but that possibly I might say a word to Harold Scott. 
('I', 'Scott')  I tried to get Scott but he was away. 
('I', 'Mills')  I had a talk with Mills, who is back here from Gibraltar. 
('I', 'Mills')  I have met McClellan; he makes a very good impression Gagnon had apparently talked about Cyril Mills, whom he evidently disliked. 
('I', 'Mills')  I had a talk with Mills, who is back here from Gibraltar. 
('I', 'Mills')  I have met McClellan; he makes a very good impression Gagnon had apparently talked about Cyril Mills, whom he evidently disliked. 
('I', 'Mills')  I had a talk with Mills, who is back here from Gibraltar. 
('I', 'Mills')  I told him that, according to our information, he had intimated both to the Princess de ROHAN and Mrs. OLIVER that Mills was not only Defence Security Officer [redacted]. 
('I', 'Mills')  BURGESS said that he could not possibly have said anything of the kind to the Princess de ROHAN or Mrs. OLIVER, as in fact he did not know until I told him that Mills [redacted]. 
('I', 'Mills')  I saw Mills to-day and asked him to give me a brief account of his association with Guy BURGESS, when the latter visited Gibraltar and Tangier in November last. 
('I', 'Mills')  -------------- I had a long discussion with Ken Mills about the suggested action against GRAY, who is in possession of dollars brought in to swell the finances of the C.P. 
('I', 'Mills')  Although one of my objects in doing so was to discuss with Cyril Mills GARBO's notional agent and the WATCHDOG case, I doubt whether I had much discussion on Communism in Canada. 
('I', 'Mills')  I told him that on my return I was going to propose firstly that he should be given a mandate from the Security Service and secondly that Cyril Mills should go ogrin order to assist in working D.A.S. 
('I', 'Mills')  886 October 25th I had a talk with Mills about the U.S.A. and explained to him the position. 
('I', 'Mills')  He can spare Cyril Mills and could possibly spare one another, but personally I think he should have some free lances in reserve. 
('I', 'Mills')  November 20th I had a talk with Mills about the U.S.A. since it had been agreed at yesterday's meeting that on any account his presence there would be oi value. 
('I', 'Mills')  either in New York or Washington that would in any way prejudice his position, He replied "I wouldn't go so far as to say that it would", but I took this to be a polite way of say in that Mills would do much better if he had an office of his on. 
('I', 'Joe')  I told Joe that there were no prejudices against the Air Force with regard to their taking an active part in C.I. 
('I', 'Joe')  I suggested to Joe that he should take the matter further with Vick on his return as I was not really clear about the future status of CIB. 
('I', 'Joe')  I dined with Joe and Elsie. 
('I', 'Joe')  I saw Stanbury who was working under Joe Stephenson in Hamburg. 
('I', 'Joe')  I had a meeting with all the Directors on war planning: Joe Spencer represented D.E./A. 
('I', 'Joe')  -------------- I talked to Joe Spencer about accommodation in peace and war. 
('I', 'Joe')  -------------- I discussed the staff position with Joe Spencer to-day and, after going into the whole matter very carefully, he finds that we have only one vacancy that we can fill in this financial year. 
('I', 'Joe')  I asked Joe Spencer to let him know what reply he should give, as I think we might use him again at the L.R.C. 
('I', 'Joe')  July 16th At Herschel Johnson's request I lunched today with Klemmer of the American Embassy, who has been instructed by Joe Kennedy to produce a report on the 5th Column I gave him as general a picture as I could on the situation here. 
('I', 'Joe')  I asked him how it was that he had come on to the Centre, He said that it was through Herbert and possibly through Joe Ball. 
('I', 'Joe')  I had a talk this afternoon with Joe Archer Bennett and Victor. 
('I', 'Joe')  I had a talk with Joe Archer. 
('I', 'Joe')  September 3rd I had a meeting with Stopford, Matthews and Joe Stephenson about the PAIR FISHIING Co. which employs Spanish fisherman and runs boats from Milford Haven which fish off the coast of Eire. 
('I', 'Joe')  I suggested that possibly Joe Archer might go down and have a look at the place. 
('I', 'Joe')  November 9th I had a talk with Inspector White of MAP and Joe Archer about the BOSWORTH case. 
('I', 'Jenkin')  I got the impression that Jenkin was not very keen about the liaison job with Pakistan, or at any rate not for the moment, but I did not go on to press him to give a positive answer. 
('I', 'Jenkin')  I had 'George Jenkin in mind, but did not know whether the job would be acceptable to him. 
('I', 'Jenkin')  Meanwhile, I have received a letter from 'George' Jenkin, which I showed to Vickery. 
('I', 'Jenkin')  I have also suggested that someone, other than Bourne,might think it advisable to get in touch with Jenkin, who is at present at the Cecil Hotel, Simlar he would obviously be the best person to advise as to how the matter should best be handled. 
('I', 'Jenkin')  I have had a message from Jenkin via Symon and the SLO in which he says that he will be returning from Bombay on 16th October by the Strathmore if he can make it. 
('I', 'Jenkin')  I got the impression that Jenkin was not very keen about the liaison job with Pakistan, or at any rate not for the moment, but I did not go on to press him to give a positive answer. 
('I', 'Jenkin')  I had 'George' Jenkin in mind, but did not know whether the job would be accepatable to him. 
('I', 'Jenkin')  Meanwhile, I have received a letter from "George' Jenkin, which I showed to Vickery. 
('I', 'Jenkin')  I have also suggested that someone, other than Bourne,might think it advisable to get in touch with Jenkin, who is at present at the Cecil Hotel, Simlar he would obviously be the best person to advise as to how the matter should best be handled. 
('I', 'Jenkin')  I have had a message from Jenkin via Symon and the SLO in which he says that he will be returning from Bombay on 16th October by the Strathmore if he can make it. 
('I', 'Jenkin')  I got the impression that Jenkin was not very keen about the liaison job with Pakistan, or at any rate not for the moment, but I did not go on to press him to give a positive answer. 
('I', 'Jenkin')  George Jenkin rang me up to say that Laithwaite had had information, emanating, I think, from the North, to the effect that the I.R.A. 
('I', 'Jenkin')  Mitchell and I saw Liesching, who had in Sir William Jenkin and another officer. 
('I', 'Jenkin')  -------------- I lunched with George Jenkin. 
('I', 'Jenkin')  I gather, however, that George Jenkin wants to go a little deeper; he wants to find one or two really high-grade agents who will have access to officials of the Executive Committee of the Malayan C.P. 
('I', 'Irish')  I left from La Guardia at 9.30 on the 20th April, arrived at Shannon 10.15 New York time, 4.15 Irish time, motored with Dan across Eire to Rush where I was met by Daphne's children and crossed to Lambay in a motor boat. 
('I', 'Irish')  It was curious to me that he should even envisage such a possibility - I said that while everybody would, of course, welcome a solution to the present rather ridiculous situation, I thought it was difficult to get over the defence question, since once unification had taken place we should be entirely at the mercy of the Irish in any future conflict, unless we were prepared to re-occupy all the ports by force and so drive them off their own [redacted]. 
('I', 'Irish')  I talked to Newsam about the Irish Bill. 
('I', 'Irish')  I told Boucher that I was convinced that the decision of the Irish Government to stop their Service representatives from attending Staff courses in this country had been reached purely on political grounds. 
('I', 'Irish')  I discussed the Irish files with Potter and directed that he should keep all those dealing with our liaison; they show its origin and developme which will certainly be valuable to anybody who is to deal with Ireland in a future crisis. 
('I', 'Irish')  I said that I regarded it as common form; It seemed to me absolutely inevitable that sooner or later the Irish, supported by the Anti-Partition Leagues, would start letting off bombs in station cloakrooms and putting squlbs into pillar boxes. 
('I', 'Irish')  I said that we had no confirmation, but that he really ought to apply to Special Branch, who had quite a good liaison with the Irish Police. 
('I', 'Irish')  I said that is seemed more than ever clear from his memorandum that whatever was done the ill-intentioned alien could fairly easily get into this country and reside here almost indefinitely without detection, but that since the abolition of controls for Irish traffic at the Western Ports had been decided upon in principle, it was difficult to make any suggestions about blocking up holes until we knew what the Irish were prepared to do to assist. 
('I', 'Irish')  Even if this could be done, I doubted whether it would provide the solution, since the whole area was thickly popu- lated with Irish, and no form of censorship existed, neither was travel between Eire and this country properly controlled. 
('I', 'Irish')  There is already a body in existence called the Irish Neutrality League which from the leaflets Archer sent must be very near the I.R.A. 
('I', 'Irish')  I told him that I had read his memorandum for discussion with Archer and that I thought that certain things in it might give offence to the Irish. 
('I', 'Irish')  in his Irish report mentions a man called RICKETT who is the intermediary between the I.R.A. 
('I', 'Irish')  640 HESS, A, 946 HESON 359,361,919 HILLSON 932 HINCE 745 HOUSE 945 775 I. Iceland 635,676 703,014 India Interavia 750 Irish Priests 686 Irish Seamen 757 ISBA 639 ISOS 904,914,925,934 Italians in Ireland 356 ITURRALDE 603 JANOWSKI 922,926,937 OJOJINSON. 
('I', 'Irish')  The Second Officer on the Irish s. s. "Kyle ulare" has been reporting to the German I.S in Lisbon on vonvoys. 
('I', 'Irish')  Cecil and I agreed that it would be far better to say quite frankiy to the Irish that as long as they remain neutral and detain our P/Ws we shall of. 
('I', 'Indian')  I saw Cimperman about UDHAM SINGH, the Indian who wants to go to California, on the flimsy excuse that he is going to help his uncle on a farm. 
('I', 'Indian')  I did, however, say that if India had a Dominion or Eire status we might have a Liaison officer for the purposes of an exchange of information with the Indian authorities. 
('I', 'Indian')  80 Dick and I lunched with Vickery and Bamford, when we discussed the various eventualities which might arise if an Indian was appointed as Head of D.I.B. 
('I', 'Indian')  course 194748 has got to stand with its Indian students, two of who,, I think, are from civilian departments. 
('I', 'Indian')  I said th we should prefer to adopt this method as we I suggested that if we could have the names of the Indian students, it might be as well for us to get I.P.I. 
('I', 'Indian')  I told them about my meeting with Patel, and D.I.B's unfortunate remark that it would be better for us to start with a clean slate and appoint somebody who had no previous connection with the Indian Police or the I.C.S. 
('I', 'Indian')  I said that I felt a little doubtful about this as we already had 2 Indian policement in Singapore and were sending a third, and that meanwhile Bourne seemed to be doing well and would be prepared to stay on on a six monthly basis if we wanted him. 
('I', 'Indian')  Dick, Viekery and I discussed the Indian situation, Vickery had confirmation of the D.M.I. 
('I', 'Indian')  and their proportionate pension from the Indian Police, I raised the question of decorations. 
('I', 'Indian')  I told them about my meeting with Patel, and D.I.B's unfortunate remark that it would be better for us to start with a clean slate and appoint somebody who had no previous connection with the Indian Police or the I.C.S. 
('I', 'Indian')  I said that I felt a little doubtful about this as we already had 2 Indian policement in Singapore and were sending a third, and that meanwhile Bourne seemed to be doing well and would be prepared to stay on on a six monthly basis if we wanted him. 
('I', 'Indian')  Dick, Viekery and I discussed the Indian situation. 
('I', 'Indian')  I said that as long as MENON remained, nobody could say that Indian security was good. 
('I', 'Indian')  We came to the conclusion that owing to the highly specialised nature of the Indian problem and the fact that the situation was still extremely fluid, it would be a mistake to attemt to break up I.P.I. 
('I', 'Indian')  It has been established that the individual who sent the Lascar with the two valves for Snow is almost certainly Obed HUSSEIN, disaffected Indian, who has been residing in Antwerp for some time and is well known to I.P.I. 
('Holmes', 'I')  I had a talk with Holmes and congratulated him on the letter of appreciation received from the Admiralty about the recent sabotage enquiry which he had conducted on their behalf. 
('Holmes', 'I')  I had a meeting with Perfect, Holmes, Bodaington and Mann. 
('Holmes', 'I')  -------------- I held a meeting to-day with Hollis, Furnival-Jones, Perfect, Holmes, Oughton and Mann on the question of Police vetting. 
('Holmes', 'I')  I said that it was difficult to put Holmes in the deal with Chief Constables, who were normally dealt with by Perfect. 
('Holmes', 'I')  I had a talk with Holmes. 
('Holmes', 'I')  I discussed the question of the reorganisation of the Admiralty Dock Police with Holmes and Hollis. 
('Holmes', 'I')  I have asked Holmes to talk to Hollis. 
('Holmes', 'I')  I asked Holmes about the Germans employed on secret Government work whom he had interviewed during the last eight months. 
('Holmes', 'I')  I saw Holmes about a note that he has written suggestion some replacement for Boddington. 
('Holmes', 'I')  Personally I think that Holmes has made out a case, and I am going to consider it at the next Appointments Board. 
('Holmes', 'I')  I told Holmes to go ahead. 
('Holmes', 'I')  I asked Holmes to come and see me about his visit to the Yard in an endeavour to obtain closer co-operation with Special Branch. 
('Holmes', 'I')  While I do not think there is any real harm in Boddington meeting Police Officers when they are up in London, I agree with Holmes that if they are to attend a course it shoul be a different one to that given to Police Officers The suggestion is that we might give one such course, including P.L.A. 
('Holmes', 'I')  I told Holmes that I had decided to let Boddington come to the Police cocktail parties, as I thought it was important that we should not appear unfriendly or unhelpful in the eyes of the Admiralty. 
('Holmes', 'I')  I said that on the whole I should be against this being shown though it was argued that the presence of Sherlock Holmes would stamp it in the minds of the British 239 public as being pure invention. 
('Frost', 'I')  At this stage members of the Committee began to make it clear that Frost was not persona grata - a view which I personally could well understand, since he served under me during the war and was extremely troublesome. 
('Frost', 'I')  I saw Frost of the B.B.C. 
('Frost', 'I')  I told Swinton that we wanted three things, first of all, that he should see Frost personally and arrange that he should be in charge of a small committee which would try and work out the code and also that he should be available for consultation on a committee which can take action on the interpretation of the various broadcasts which are coming in now. 
('Frost', 'I')  Swinton was very sympathetic and when I got back to the office I found that he had already rung up Frost who was going to see him, either tonight or tomorrow. 
('Frost', 'I')  I dined with Jasper and Frost. 
('Frost', 'I')  I dined with Frost and Herbert and we had a long conversation about the H.B.B.S. 
('Frost', 'I')  I said that I thought Frost would want to put out enquiries to him in the same way that various officers of B. 
('Frost', 'I')  April 9th I saw the R.S.L.0.s with Frost and explained to them about the Met. 
('Frost', 'I')  I spoke to Frost about wireless sets on ships. 
('Frost', 'I')  145 Frost and I went to see Capt. 
('Frost', 'I')  I had further meeting about the Pasha with Frost, Keliar and Antony, when methods of further investition were discussed. 
('Frost', 'I')  I told him of my difficulties with Frost. 
('Frost', 'I')  Frost, Hughes, Dick and I had a meeting about the detection of illicit wireless and the part played by R.S.S. 
('Frost', 'I')  Frost pointed out that the I.B. 
('Frost', 'I')  I have told Frost to try and get Maltby to move his units to Newcastle and Reading so that they will be close to our regional offices. 
('Crocker', 'I')  We are preparing a memo and I propose to get Crocker to come down and examine the files. 
('Crocker', 'I')  I have had another discussion with Curry about sabotage and the suggestion has been put forward that we might usefully collaborate with Crocker. 
('Crocker', 'I')  I had lunch with Crocker today when we discussed the possibility of his coming in to reorganise the office here and to let us know as a result of the knowledge he acquires, in what way he can help us with his machinery outside. 
('Crocker', 'I')  I have discussed with K. the question of Crocker being allowed to overhaul the office machinery. 
('Crocker', 'I')  I pointed out that once Crocker really had the hang of the organisation he might be able to give us considerably more help than he is giving at present. 
('Crocker', 'I')  that I was sorry that no way round this difficulty could be found as I was convinced that if Crocker became thoroughly acquainted with the work of all sections of this office he could help us a great deal more than he is doing at present. 
('Crocker', 'I')  I lunched with Crocker. 
('Crocker', 'I')  I showed this case to Crocker and asked him to take it up with Lord Swinton. 
('Crocker', 'I')  He criticised, I think rather unjustly, some of the cases that had been put up from this office, and he and Crocker recommended that we should employ 6 solicitors to deal with the problem in future. 
('Crocker', 'I')  I got Crocker to come down and see us in the morning as I felt very worried about the various proposals of the previous day. 
('Crocker', 'I')  and Dick and Curry, as I wanted Crocker to hear from M. the probable effect on S.B. 
('Crocker', 'I')  I dined with Crocker. 
('Crocker', 'I')  I had another talk with Crocker. 
('Crocker', 'I')  Woolton I think thought that if he could say that Crocker eas in charge of food racketeering the fact would have a deterrent effect. 
('Crocker', 'I')  Personally I think he is wrong and Crocker is right. 
('Courtenay', 'I')  I talked to Courtenay Young about [redacted] that the Chinese are anxious to obtain information about our Intelligence Service and other matters. 
('Courtenay', 'I')  Dick, Bertram, Clayton, Courtenay, James Robertson and I had a discussion on the liquidation of O.C. 
('Courtenay', 'I')  I discussed with Courtenay Young the Malayan Security Service, which seemed to me to be getting rather across our tracks. 
('Courtenay', 'I')  161 I talked to Dick and Courtenay about SIFE, we thought of Magan as successor to Johnston, but came to the conclusion that as he had been moved once from Palestine, it would be impossible to move him again. 
('Courtenay', 'I')  In the meanwhile, I had succeeded in getting Courtenay on to the 'plane, in case his services were needed and in order that he might assist me. 
('Courtenay', 'I')  I discussed with H/SIFE, Kellar and Courtenay two telegrams from Burma relating to the D.S.O. 
('Courtenay', 'I')  I had a discussion with Charles and Horrocks, at which Courtenay was present, about allow- ances in the Far East. 
('Courtenay', 'I')  He, in fact, thought the idea would be of mutual advantage, I saw Lennox and Courtenay, N.I.D. 
('Courtenay', 'I')  I discussed with H/SIFE, Kellar and Courtenay two telegrans from Burma relating to the D.S.O. 
('Courtenay', 'I')  I had a discussion with Charles and Horrocks, at which Courtenay was present, about allow- ances in the Far East. 
('Courtenay', 'I')  I saw Lennox and Courtenay, N.I.D. 
('Courtenay', 'I')  I discussed with H/SITE, Kellar and Courtenay two telegrans from Burma relating to the 150 D.S.O. 
('Courtenay', 'I')  Courtenay Young, I gather, is rather in despair at the inadequacy of his investigatory tools. 
('Courtenay', 'I')  -------------- I had a long talk with Courtenay, who has returned for a few weeks from Australia. 
('Courtenay', 'I')  Moreover, I foresee certain difficulties for Courtenay Young when he takes over S.I.F.E. 
('Charles', 'Horrocks')  I had a meeting with Charles, Horrocks, Dick, Ede, Clayton and Kellar to discuss administrative matters in connection with SIFE and SIME. 
('Charles', 'Horrocks')  So far he has only seen Horrocks and Charles on the subject. 
('Charles', 'Horrocks')  I so informed Charles and Horrocks. 
('Charles', 'Horrocks')  Horrocks has been made Director of Establishments and Administration, and Charles Director of Finance. 
('Charles', 'Horrocks')  's hand by clearing the position in this country, in case he was meeting with local objections to Kellar's appointment, as had been indicated to me from the rather vague letter which had been sent by Horrocks to Charles. 
('Charles', 'Horrocks')  We had a meeting with Charles, Dick, Horrocks and B.3.b. 
('Charles', 'Horrocks')  I discussed with Horrocks and Charles the pay of the Scientific Section and we con- sidered the appointment of a D.I.B. 
('Charles', 'Horrocks')  I had a discussion with Charles and Horrocks, at which Courtenay was present, about allow- ances in the Far East. 
('Charles', 'Horrocks')  I had a discussion with Charles and Horrocks, at which Courtenay was present, about allow- ances in the Far East. 
('Charles', 'Horrocks')  I discussed with Malcom Cumming, Charles and Horrocks the question of Briscoe's position vis a vis Hedger. 
('Charles', 'Horrocks')  Horrocks, Dick, Charles and I had a discussion to-day on the D.G's request about the Overseas Division. 
('Charles', 'Horrocks')  I had a discussion with Horrocks, Charles, Dick and Roger on overseas matters. 
('Charles', 'Horrocks')  Horrocks seemed to be in favour of the move to Moascar on Monday and opposed it to-day, on administrative grounds, and was supported by Charles on financial grounds. 
('Charles', 'Horrocks')  We had a further Directors Meeting, of'Dick, Charles, Roger and myself, Horrocks being away ill. Charles gave us a gloomy picture of his finances. 
('Charles', 'Horrocks')  is writing an long memo about our relations with Section V. Harker, Charles and Horrocks have seen it but I have not. 
('Admiral', 'I')  The DG, TAR and I were taken by Win Scott to see Admiral Leahy. 
('Admiral', 'I')  I saw Admiral Thomson and Hill. 
('Admiral', 'I')  I took the opportunity of saying quite a lot to the Admiral about security matters. 
('Admiral', 'I')  I saw Admiral Thomson and Hill. 
('Admiral', 'I')  I took the opportunity of saying quite a lot to the Admiral about security matters. 
('Admiral', 'I')  I saw Admiral Thomson and Hill. 
('Admiral', 'I')  I took the opportunity of saying quite a lot to the Admiral about security matters. 
('Admiral', 'I')  I also told Hayter about Admiral Nimitz. 
('Admiral', 'I')  He mentioned a paper by Admiral Stephens, who I think is the American Naval Attache in Moscow, which suggests cutting off all supplies to Russia and the satellites, and also that if this were done the whole machine would crack and disintegrate. 
('Admiral', 'I')  I felt, however, that in view of Colonial Office anxiety about publicity in connection with the D.G., and also certain anxiety in Downing Street, it might be well to explore whether Admiral Thompson could impress upon editors the fact that the D.G's movements really came within the terms of D. Notice No.1, i.e. 
('Admiral', 'I')  I explained to Admiral Thompson that it was difficult to make a distinction, as regards the D.G's work, between Communism and counter-espionage, or military defence matters; the two were now so inextricable mixed up. 
('Admiral', 'I')  -------------- Wild rang up to tell me that he was proposing to see Admiral Daniel of the I.D.C. 
('Admiral', 'I')  -------------- I lunched with [redacted] and with the American D.N.I., Admiral Connolly's representative over here, whose name I cannot remember and [redacted]. 
('Admiral', 'I')  -------------- Admiral Godfrey telephoned and asked whether I had sent over our memorandum on double-agents to 1.0.5. 
('Admiral', 'I')  The Services had put forward Admiral Daniels, the retiring Commandant of the I.D.C., but Eden had finally come down on the side of Cs nominee. 
('I', 'Treasury')  has got the final charter from the P.M., which excludes the recommendations about Treasury interference in finance and personnel to which we took exception, but also I am sorry to say excludes any reference to consideration being given to our representation abroad. 
('I', 'Treasury')  I have also discussed with him our relations with the Treasury and all the difficulties and dangers that exist in trying to get this Department in any way on a Civil Service or Police basis. 
('I', 'Treasury')  Personally, I thought that the whole purpose of getting rid of Deputy Director was to make us more flexible, but evidently an establishment for Senior Officers has now been obtained from the Treasury which puts us back more or less where we started. 
('I', 'Treasury')  I recommended that we should stick to our line and that Wakefield should discuss the matter with Cussen, who initiated the case, and if necessary go with OCssen and see the Treasury Solicitors. 
('I', 'Treasury')  I told him that I was all in favour of the Treasury making a grant to the War Office, or the Office of Works, which could be drawn on on the office signature. 
('I', 'Treasury')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('I', 'Treasury')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('I', 'Treasury')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('I', 'Treasury')  Hill and I went over for a meeting with Donaldson and legal advisers from the Treasury, Ministry of Supply and Admiralty. 
('I', 'Treasury')  I replied that, as far as I knew, a man with the rank of Under Secretary might well be transferred by the Treasury from one Ministry to another. 
('I', 'Treasury')  I went with Miss Constant to a meeting in Reilly's room, attended by several of his minions and Trend of the Treasury. 
('I', 'Treasury')  I have suggested that the Treasury should appoint somebody with the necessary qualifications who would be empowered to issue warrants und er 80a and direct investigations which would be carried out by the Police. 
('I', 'Treasury')  I dined with Jed and Evelyn, who had just returned from America, where he had been working both for the Treasury and S.O.E. 
('I', 'Treasury')  I said I thought this should be a matter for Duff Cooper to take up with the Treasury and the Home Office. 
('I', 'Kim')  I told Kim that I was rather browned off about the whole job. 
('I', 'Kim')  I lunched with Kim, when we discussed representation in America. 
('I', 'Kim')  I explained to Kim that both the F.B.I.s and our point of view was that we must as far as possible have direct exchange and that whereas we as a defensive organization were not suspect, SIS particularly in view of Bill's past antics, were suspect, even though Bill might have acquired a letter from Hoover thanking him for his past services and stating that without Security Co-Ordination the war could. 
('I', 'Kim')  I lunched with Kim and at one stage his father joined us. 
('I', 'Kim')  I told Kim about my American visit. 
('I', 'Kim')  Kim was evidently rather worried about a rumour that had reached him that I was positively opposed to SIS having any relations with the F.B.I. 
('I', 'Kim')  I told him that I had discussed this matter with various authorities in the USA and also at length with Dick Ellis and Kim. 
('I', 'Kim')  25 16th October 1946 I spoke to Kim about the officer which the Palestine police want to send on a roving commission in Europe in connectio with illegal immigration. 
('I', 'Kim')  This I have undertaken to do as I thought possibly his knowledge of Turkish might appeal to Kim Philby. 
('I', 'Kim')  Dick and I had a talk with Kim Philby about Washington. 
('I', 'Kim')  -------------- Kim Philby came over and he, Dick, Roger, John Marriott, and I had A discussion about the F.B.I. 
('I', 'Kim')  -------------- I had a long talk with Kim Philby. 
('I', 'Kim')  Dick saw no harm in this but did not think I could discuss Kim unless Tommy opened the ball. 
('I', 'Kim')  I would much prefer to see Tommy and say to him that I presume that Kim must have discussed his troubles, and ask him precisely what Kim had told him, since it would be viously difficult and improper for me to go outside anything that Kim had actually conveyed to Tommy himself. 
('I', 'Johnson')  I talked to Strong about his vetting, and subsequently spoke to Drew and explained to him the difficulties we were having with Johnson, the Establishment Officer, who refused to make contact with anybody and pass on names of people in J.I.B. 
('I', 'Johnson')  I say Luke, Goresuch, Johnson, and Barton of the Colonial Office, when I told then the purpose of my visit to West Africa. 
('I', 'Johnson')  I asked Johnson privately what he thought of the leaflet policy. 
('I', 'Johnson')  I spoke to Herschel Johnson and explained to him our difficul- ties. 
('I', 'Johnson')  We have agreed to let them go back on the Manhattan but I have asked Herschel Johnson to persuade the United States Lines to refrain from sending German crews to this country. 
('I', 'Johnson')  I have passed a report to Herschel Johnson which I received from S.I.S. 
('I', 'Johnson')  I saw Herschel Johnson about Claridges. 
('I', 'Johnson')  I explained the situation to Herschel Johnson who has spoken to the Ambassador. 
('I', 'Johnson')  I lunched with Herschel Johnson. 
('I', 'Johnson')  I went to a cocktail party which was a farewell to Herschel Johnson. 
('I', 'Johnson')  Kimball is having a talk with Cussen and Burt 750 I had a talk with Kenneth and Kembal Johnson about INTERAVIA and the Swedish Air Lines. 
('I', 'Johnson')  I decided that Jock Whyte should continue his investigations into INTERAVIA and that Kembal Johnson should deal with the Sedish Air Lines perhaps rither more extensively th than he had done in the past. 
('I', 'Johnson')  I have just heard that Herschel Johnson, as american Ambassador in Sweden, has just arrived back from Stockholm and wants to see me. 
('I', 'Johnson')  I saw Herschel Johnson who is over here for a few days from Stockholm. 
('I', 'ISOS')  suggested that this was duplication of the work being done by Section V. I said that if he carried his argument to its logical conclusion there would be no point in our having ISOS at all. 
('I', 'ISOS')  I am trying to get him per- mission to take out certain ISOS and ISK notes for Maunsell. 
('I', 'ISOS')  I arranged for Cowgill to come over in order to discuss the ISOS-ISK muestion. 
('I', 'ISOS')  May 9th I saw today certain correspondence which throws an interesting light on the origin of ISOS. 
('I', 'ISOS')  640 HESS, A, 946 HESON 359,361,919 HILLSON 932 HINCE 745 HOUSE 945 775 I. Iceland 635,676 703,014 India Interavia 750 Irish Priests 686 Irish Seamen 757 ISBA 639 ISOS 904,914,925,934 Italians in Ireland 356 ITURRALDE 603 JANOWSKI 922,926,937 OJOJINSON. 
('I', 'ISOS')  I had a long talk with Madement who gave me a list of the ISOS groups in which the Americans had expressed interest. 
('I', 'ISOS')  After the meeting I discussed with C. the question of putting our cards on the table about European ISOS. 
('I', 'ISOS')  This information which was obtained originally on ISOS, is confirmed by the capture of two I.Heer members of the Abwehr. 
('I', 'ISOS')  I said that the President knew no more about ISOS than the Archbishop of Canterbury and that some- body ought to tell him that he too was bury- ing his head in the sand. 
('I', 'ISOS')  Dick, Hart and I had a meeting about the Belgian THORN, who has appeared on ISOS. 
('I', 'ISOS')  seemed to think that Kellar was solely concerned with political movements and when I said that he was really the only recipient in the office outside ISOS of information regarding the Middle East, the D.G. 
('I', 'ISOS')  I thought it possible thatif Italian ISOS came out Curry could combine a study of that product with his research work. 
('I', 'ISOS')  I said however tilt the committee was highly qualified to give advice about ISOS and ISK since on it were represented all the producers and users. 
('I', 'ISOS')  I reported that I had seen Cavendish Bentinck and also Melland who was very anxious to have some regular meeting of ISOS users which would include a representative of R.S.S., S.I.S. 
('Bourne', 'I')  I thought that Bourne might be extremely valuable to us as a Chinese adviser at SIFE. 
('Bourne', 'I')  I telegraphed to Bourne telling him that I shall be sending him a copy of my letter, and suggesting that it was for consideration whether it should not be shown both to Sanjevi and to Ahmed. 
('Bourne', 'I')  I have also suggested that someone, other than Bourne,might think it advisable to get in touch with Jenkin, who is at present at the Cecil Hotel, Simlar he would obviously be the best person to advise as to how the matter should best be handled. 
('Bourne', 'I')  It was decided that I should send a copy of my letter to Bourne, in spite of his telegram saying that this was no longer necessary. 
('Bourne', 'I')  I said that I felt a little doubtful about this as we already had 2 Indian policement in Singapore and were sending a third, and that meanwhile Bourne seemed to be doing well and would be prepared to stay on on a six monthly basis if we wanted him. 
('Bourne', 'I')  I discussed with Vickery the last letter I have had from Bourne about the incident of the Pakistan Times. 
('Bourne', 'I')  I discussed with Dick and Vickery a note which had been received from Bourne in which he points out the difficulties of getting any information on internal affairs in India without arousing suspicion. 
('Bourne', 'I')  I telegraphed to Bourne, telling him that I shall be sending him a copy of my letter, and suggesting that it was for consideration whether it should not be shown both to Sanjevi and to Ahmed. 
('Bourne', 'I')  I have also suggested that someone, other than Bourne,might think it advisable to get in touch with Jenkin, who is at present at the Cecil Hotel, Simlar he would obviously be the best person to advise as to how the matter should best be handled. 
('Bourne', 'I')  It was decided that I should send a copy of my letter to Bourne, in spite of his telegram saying that this was no longer necessary. 
('Bourne', 'I')  I said that I felt a little doubtful about this as we already had 2 Indian policement in Singapore and were sending a third, and that meanwhile Bourne seemed to be doing well and would be prepared to stay on on a six monthly basis if we wanted him. 
('Bourne', 'I')  I discussed with Vickery the last letter I have had from Bourne about the incident of the Pakistan Times. 
('Bourne', 'I')  I discussed with Dick and Vickery a note which had been received from Bourne in which he points out the difficulties of getting any information on internal affairs in India without arousing suspicion. 
('Bourne', 'I')  I spoke to Bourne of the Post Office. 
('Bill', 'I')  I explained to Kim that both the F.B.I.s and our point of view was that we must as far as possible have direct exchange and that whereas we as a defensive organization were not suspect, SIS particularly in view of Bill's past antics, were suspect, even though Bill might have acquired a letter from Hoover thanking him for his past services and stating that without Security Co-Ordination the war could. 
('Bill', 'I')  I saw Bill Crean and Glazebrook. 
('Bill', 'I')  When I got back to New York I had a talk with Bill Stevenson and told him the kind of. 
('Bill', 'I')  I told him that I would give him an introduction to Bill Stephenson, who might possibly be able to help him. 
('Bill', 'I')  He is going to Jamaica, I told him that I would give him an introduction to Bill Stephenson, who might possibly be able to help him. 
('Bill', 'I')  He is going to Jamaica, I told him that I would give him an introduction to Bill Stephenson, who might possibly be able to help him. 
('Bill', 'I')  I have asked Dick to sound Bill Magan. 
('Bill', 'I')  I talked to Newsam about the Irish Bill. 
('Bill', 'I')  I spent a very enjoyable evening at a dinner organised by Ian Wilson Christopher Harmer and Bill Luke, at which a number of old war-time B. 
('Bill', 'I')  At Bill Stephenson's request, I went up to Claridges to see him and General Donovan, late of O.S.S. 
('Bill', 'I')  I had a long talk with Bill Oughton on his experiences in the Far East. 
('Bill', 'I')  I had a long talk with Bill Magan about the Middle East. 
('Bill', 'I')  Control Bill and Bevan, with whom I spoke in the absence of Leggett, feels that it may lead to considerable trouble if we try to prevent a man from taking work wherever he likes. 
('Bill', 'I')  I lunched with Bill Donovan and Barty Bouverie. 
('Bamford', 'I')  I had a meeting with Vickery, Bamford, Grogan and Vivian on the suggested abolition of censorship in the Far East. 
('Bamford', 'I')  I told them that I should be meeting Vivian and Bamford next week, when I should put similar views to them. 
('Bamford', 'I')  80 Dick and I lunched with Vickery and Bamford, when we discussed the various eventualities which might arise if an Indian was appointed as Head of D.I.B. 
('Bamford', 'I')  Dick, Vickery, Bamford and I discussed my brief for Patel. 
('Bamford', 'I')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Bamford', 'I')  Dick and I had a meeting with Vickery and Bamford about the future of I.P.I. 
('Bamford', 'I')  I saw Dick and Bamford on the subject of Jenkins letter to me published in the Pakistan Times. 
('Bamford', 'I')  I discussed with Dick and Paddy Bamford the question of an approech to Thakin Nu. 
('Bamford', 'I')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Bamford', 'I')  Dick and I had a meeting with Vickery and Bamford about the future of I.P.I. 
('Bamford', 'I')  51 I saw Dick and Bamford on the subject of Jenkins letter to me published in the Pakistan Times. 
('Bamford', 'I')  I discussed with Dick and Paddy Bamford the question of an approach to Thakin Nu. 
('Bamford', 'I')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Bamford', 'I')  Bamford of I.P.I. 
('Army', 'Navy')  Thurber on the Navy side and Col. W. Harris on the Army side. 
('Army', 'Navy')  The meeting thought that courses for the Army and Navy should be run on similar lines, if this could be arranged. 
('Army', 'Navy')  When the position was reviewed in July, 1945, the British concluded: (i) that 99 the Soviet Union, again a first-class power with world-wide interests, would make great efforts to increase her naval strength, (ii) that for some years to come, however, the Soviet Union was likely to be fully occupied in restoring her naval position in the Baltic and the Black Sea: (iii) that it was doubtful whether the Soviet Navy, even when expanded, would ever become more than a loyal helper of the Red Army, but (iv) that it would be unwise to overlook the possible implications of the re-emergence of Russia as a great Naval Power without a big sea-going and ocean-going fleet and suitable disposed bases. 
('Army', 'Navy')  The Army and Navy stated that the cost of their Attaches and their H.0, Intelligence staffs amounted to $260,000 and $90,000 respectively. 
('Army', 'Navy')  I said that I did not wish to imply this: I should feel just the same with Army, Navy or Air Force officers, but that I thought the matter ought to be considered on the basis of the "need to know". 
('Army', 'Navy')  relations with the Navy and the Air Force are better than they are with G-2 and the Army. 
('Army', 'Navy')  When he returned to the hotel at about 2 a.m., he discovered that the briefs of the Army and Navy which had been lent to him were not in his case. 
('Army', 'Navy')  Only the Army and Navy briefs were taken from Constantine's case, presumably because they were in typewritten or photostat form, while Constantine's was only in pencil draft. 
('Army', 'Navy')  This would apply almost entirely to the Army, and to some extent to the Air Force, Deception with regard to the Navy was, for obvious reasons, too difficult. 
('Army', 'Navy')  Edmund LUX, who has a German father and two German brothers has been discovered as an inspector of Army, Navy and Air Force canteens at Salisbury under NAAFI. 
('Army', 'Navy')  The latter was interesting as he had evidently received very careful instructions from the Army, Navy and Air Force over a period of about 6 months. 
('Army', 'Navy')  He confided to me his scheme for setting up an Intelli- gence organisation under the War Cabinet or the Chiefs of Staff which would be the recipient of all vital operational information and of all data regarding our future plans, whether S.I.S, S.0 E., C.C.O., Army, Navy or air force. 
('Army', 'Navy')  I then asked de Grey whether there was any point at which all these telegrams from Army, Navy, Air Force, I.S.O.S and diplomatic sources were studied from the point of view of building up a picture of the German organisation. 
('Army', 'Navy')  Monitoring must be done by the Federal Communications Committee, Army and Navy including Coastguards, cryptography through only being done by the Army, Navy and F.B.I. 
('Allen', 'I')  Lee, Harry Allen, F-J and I discussed the question of German scientists which is to come up before. 
('Allen', 'I')  I had a meeting with the DG, Rothschild and Allen about Victor's future. 
('Allen', 'I')  It was decided that Harry Allen, Dick White and myself would each draft a skeleton for a six-page memorandum, which it was felt would be more suitable for D's of I., Chiefs of Staff, Under Secretaries of State. 
('Allen', 'I')  I talked to Harry Allen and Archer about A.L.Os. 
('Allen', 'I')  I had a meeting with Harry Allen and the Railway Police. 
('Allen', 'I')  7th January I had a meeting with Harry Allen, Horrocks, Roger, Stanley Strong and Adam about the vetting of civil servants. 
('Allen', 'I')  Colonel Shaw came to see me and Harry Allen about the circulars to ex-members of the I. 
('Allen', 'I')  I asked Harry Allen to ask Gleadell to let him have the names. 
('Allen', 'I')  I described to them more or less the basic functions of the office and they subsequently had talks with Harry Allen, Jo Archer, Hollis and Dick/ 11th February. 
('Allen', 'I')  I discussed this matter afterwards with Allen and Bodaington and said that while I felt we must help the Admiralty in their present difficulty, we ought to try and devise some scheme by which they could look after their own house. 
('Allen', 'I')  I discussed this matter afterwards with Allen and Boddington and said that while I felt we must help the Admiralty in their present difficulty, we ought to try and devise some scheme by which they could look after their own house. 
('Allen', 'I')  Allen, who spoke to me, and I both agreed that it woud be better to do nothing. 
('Allen', 'I')  with Harry Allen in the chair which discussed the duties which might be assigned to various M. I. branches when the Second Front opened. 
('Allen', 'I')  meeting which I attended some days ago with Harry Allen. 
('RECORDS', 'UNDER SECTION')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('RECORDS', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('RECORDS', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS 26th November, ACT 1958. 
('RECORDS', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS CT 1958. 
('RECORDS', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('RECORDS', 'UNDER SECTION')  ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('RECORDS', 'UNDER SECTION')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('RECORDS', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('RECORDS', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('RECORDS', 'UNDER SECTION')  about the basis on which they are intending to compute theils93 Toppe ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('RECORDS', 'UNDER SECTION')  IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('RECORDS', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('RECORDS', 'UNDER SECTION')  KV41474 S Form 960 POL F53-24-5811 / AV21 VOLUME 21 1952 Index THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3(4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('PUBLIC RECORDS', 'UNDER SECTION')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('PUBLIC RECORDS', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('PUBLIC RECORDS', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS 26th November, ACT 1958. 
('PUBLIC RECORDS', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS CT 1958. 
('PUBLIC RECORDS', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('PUBLIC RECORDS', 'UNDER SECTION')  ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('PUBLIC RECORDS', 'UNDER SECTION')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('PUBLIC RECORDS', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('PUBLIC RECORDS', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('PUBLIC RECORDS', 'UNDER SECTION')  about the basis on which they are intending to compute theils93 Toppe ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('PUBLIC RECORDS', 'UNDER SECTION')  IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('PUBLIC RECORDS', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('PUBLIC RECORDS', 'UNDER SECTION')  KV41474 S Form 960 POL F53-24-5811 / AV21 VOLUME 21 1952 Index THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3(4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('I', 'Spencer')  Charles, Dick, Ede, Kirby Green, Spencer and I discussed the question of Trinidad and the withdrawal of Tufnell-Barrett. 
('I', 'Spencer')  I asked Spencer to undertake that few suspects there are in the C.I. 
('I', 'Spencer')  I said this was interesting and thought that the Russian attitude probably had some thing to do with it, as people who were enthusiastic before may be feeling a little doubtful now....... Spencer said that, contrary to an agreement reached between the F.O., the C.O. 
('I', 'Spencer')  I suggested that Beare should come and see Spencer and give a fullaccount of what his relations with MOLINA had been during the war. 
('I', 'Spencer')  I had a meeting on East Africa with Dick, Perfect, Spencer and Clayton in order to work out some kind of charter for the D.S.O. 
('I', 'Spencer')  I discussed the case of Aubrey with Spencer again, and subsequently told the D.G. 
('I', 'Spencer')  I also arranged with Spencer to get shredding machines, 1f this did not involve too much expense. 
('I', 'Spencer')  I had a meeting with all the Directors on war planning: Joe Spencer represented D.E./A. 
('I', 'Spencer')  He said the only ones he could remember were Dudley COLLARD, Ivor MONTAGUE, Geoffrey BYNG, and a man called GOLDBLUM, who, I think, he said was the Managing Director of Marks and Spencer, There were apparently a certain number of others on his list, and he said that if anyone was interested he, LANGDON-DAVIES, would be glad to discuss these people in greater detail. 
('I', 'Spencer')  -------------- I discussed with Spencer our military, naval and air ceiling in the event of war. 
('I', 'Spencer')  -------------- I talked to Joe Spencer about accommodation in peace and war. 
('I', 'Spencer')  -------------- I discussed the staff position with Joe Spencer to-day and, after going into the whole matter very carefully, he finds that we have only one vacancy that we can fill in this financial year. 
('I', 'Spencer')  I asked Joe Spencer to let him know what reply he should give, as I think we might use him again at the L.R.C. 
('I', 'Smith')  I saw Trafford Smith this afternoon. 
('I', 'Smith')  I told him about the "Colony Trader" and also about the proposed use of I also mentioned my visit to Trafford Smith on the question of staffing the Colonial office and the receipt of Police reports. 
('I', 'Smith')  We had previously had a discussion with Trafford Smith on Quili's report on Palestine, The outcome is an attempt by the Colonial Office to obtain the services of Bob NEWTON, a Palestinian expert, at present undergoing the I.D.C. 
('I', 'Smith')  I saw Trafford Smith this afternoon. 
('I', 'Smith')  I told him about the "Colony Trader" and also about the proposed use of I also mentioned my visit to Trafford Smith on the question of staffing the Colonial office and the receipt of Police reports. 
('I', 'Smith')  Trafford Smith, to whom, I spoke privately, was inclined to agree. 
('I', 'Smith')  31st March I have arranged with Trafford Smith for Magan to discuss Cyprus with representatives of the Colonial Office. 
('I', 'Smith')  I spoke to Trafford Smith after the J.I.C. 
('I', 'Smith')  I gave him a general talk about the office, He seemed quite a likeable character, and I gather from Traffor: Smith that he is a live wire, which is more than can be said about old Marston Logan!. 
('I', 'Smith')  I was talking to David Smith, of W.H. 
('I', 'Smith')  I said to Trafford Smith that in so far as the D.G's movements were concerned, he was, well-known to the Press and to the public that it was really impossible for him to travel anywhere without a great deal of speculation. 
('I', 'Smith')  In the evening I had a long conversation with Dougal Smith of the Foreign Office, who works directly under Kit Steel. 
('I', 'Smith')  I had a talk with Colin Smith on sabotage. 
('I', 'Malaya')  I told him that Kenneth Strong was unable to give him any employment in J.I.B., but that if he were going to Malaya or Java he would be glad to establish local contact, since rubber was a subject in which his department was interested Viv rang me up to ask me whether I had been Jenkin's letter in the Pakistan Times, to which the answer is "I'll say"!! 
('I', 'Malaya')  I told him that Kenneth Strong was unable to give him any employment in J.I.B., but that if he were going to Malaya or Java he would be glad to establish local contact, since rubber was a subject in which his department was interested. 
('I', 'Malaya')  I think everybody is at last persuaded that there is no post for Dalley in Malaya. 
('I', 'Malaya')  I has a talk wit Alec and Malcolm Cumming about sending McMillan to Malaya, McMillan cannot spare the time to stay more than a few days in the ares; it is therefore necessary that as much of the ground should be cleared as possible so that full use can be made of his expert advice. 
('I', 'Malaya')  I had a long talk with Leighton about Malaya. 
('I', 'Malaya')  I told him what I thought was necessary on the Intelligence side, and that it was difficult to bring the operations in Malaya to a successful conclusion unless intelligence could produce a reliable order of battle. 
('I', 'Malaya')  I asked him about the proposal that he should go to Malaya to run the Special Branch, or to take over the Police as a whole. 
('I', 'Malaya')  I gave a talk to Colonial Police Officers from Malaya and Africa - East and West. 
('I', 'Malaya')  In talking to Cresswell afterwards, I was satisfied that he realised the importance of getting the Interrogation Centre going at the earliest possible moment, I gathered, too, that we are likely to refuse the Chinese the right to establish Consulates in Malaya. 
('I', 'Malaya')  I do not quite know what his business is, but I gather that he travels about looking at rubber plantations, not only in Malaya but also in Java and Sumatra. 
('I', 'Malaya')  I asked MacDonald about the production of intelligence in Malaya and Singapore. 
('I', 'Malaya')  I gave a talk to the Colonial Police: three from Malaya and one from Uganda. 
('I', 'Malaya')  I said that I was rather worried about the refusal of Kenya to accept an expert to set up the Interrogation Centre, as I had in mind the many mistakes that had been made in Malaya. 
('I', 'Magan')  I told Kellar about the telegram I had received from the D.G., provisionally appointing Magan as head of SIME until a final decision could be made about Douglas Rober successor. 
('I', 'Magan')  I confined my remarks to saying that I still thought Kellar was entirely suitable for the job, but I was somewhat worried about Magan being taken away from Palestine - quit the most important position at this moment and the denuding of B.3.a. 
('I', 'Magan')  23rd January I had a short talk with Magan, who has come back to discuss his proposals about civilian ising our organisation in the Middle East. 
('I', 'Magan')  Thistle and Ffoulkes dia much to restore the morale and efficiency of the office, the reputation of which locally is not very high, but I think we can rely on 148 Magan to put this right. 
('I', 'Magan')  I had dinner with Magan, and a long talk with him about the general principles of Intelligence work. 
('I', 'Magan')  161 I talked to Dick and Courtenay about SIFE, we thought of Magan as successor to Johnston, but came to the conclusion that as he had been moved once from Palestine, it would be impossible to move him again. 
('I', 'Magan')  Clearly I think Kellar does not want to revert to the former position of Magan at SIME, and this is in a way understandable. 
('I', 'Magan')  Clearly I think Kellar does not want to revert to the former position of Magan at SIME, and this is in a way understandable. 
('I', 'Magan')  I have asked Dick to sound Bill Magan. 
('I', 'Magan')  I read a long report by Magan on Cyprus. 
('I', 'Magan')  31st March I have arranged with Trafford Smith for Magan to discuss Cyprus with representatives of the Colonial Office. 
('I', 'Magan')  I had a discussion with D.F., D.B., DE/A and Magan on the enquiry about. 
('I', 'Magan')  I had a long talk with Bill Magan about the Middle East. 
('Governor', 'I')  Personally I think that he rather encouraged the Governor to haul down the Ilag, although there is no doubt that the latter was an extremely timid person, terrified of having a thing to do with Intelligence. 
('Governor', 'I')  C. apparently was not anxious for the Governor to be told about the source, though I personally cannot see that it matters very much now since (a) there are no more Jap BJs and (b) the Americans have blown far and wide the fact that the telegrams were decyphered. 
('Governor', 'I')  I saw Sir Alexander Grantham, the new Governor of Hong Kong, with the D.G., and talked to him out our representation in the colony. 
('Governor', 'I')  It would be better, I thought, to let the discussions go on locally with the D.S.O., the more so since THAKIN NU himself had said that he did not wish to consult the Governor in a matter of this sort. 
('Governor', 'I')  I saw Sir Alexander Grantham, the new Governor of Hong Kong, with the D.G., and talked to him out our representation in the colony. 
('Governor', 'I')  It would be better, I thought, to let the discussions go on locally with the D.S.O., the more so since THAKIN NU himself had said that he did not wish to consult the Governor in a matter of this sort. 
('Governor', 'I')  I cited to him the recent case of Uganda, where the Governor is embarrassed by the unchecked activities of MULUMBA and MUSAZI in London which are having a deplorable effect on the population. 
('Governor', 'I')  and the Governor, I did not feel it incumbent upon us to make any approach to Newsam. 
('Governor', 'I')  -------------- Alec and I went to see Sir John MacPherson, Governor of Nigeria, who is home on leave. 
('Governor', 'I')  Before leaving this country I had seen Sir John MacPherson, Governor of Nigeria, on the question of our representation in Lagos, and acquainted him with our staffing problems. 
('Governor', 'I')  Upon my arrival in the Gold Coast I discussed with the Governor, Sir Chaites Arden Clarke, the possibility of transferring Rich to Lagos; and leaving Stephens to carry S.L.O. 
('Governor', 'I')  I told him that while I understood that it had to some extent been imposed upon him, it was important that a Governor, if he felt apprehensive, should first of all call his Commissioner of Police and his Administration, and that if he thought that there was another aspect of the problem, namely, influence from outside, he should call us into consultation as well. 
('Governor', 'I')  There is in fact a slight feeling that we are on the way out, and I cannot see that, if NKRUMA's party, for example, in the Gold Coast gets to power after the elections in April, we shall not reach a situation where the Governor will have to go on saying "no", which will cause the natives to say that the Constitution is a farce, or where we shall have responsibility without power. 
('Gib', 'I')  I reminded him of the incident during the war when Dick went to Gib. 
('Gib', 'I')  Dick had I think thought that [redacted] who was to be demobilised in February next, might be a possible candidate for Gib. 
('Gib', 'I')  This I am afraid will be a bar to his employment in Gib. 
('Gib', 'I')  was on an official visit to Gib, but I could not conceive that he would be conducting any official business in Spain. 
('Gib', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick, T. A. R. and Victor about sending someone out to Gib. 
('Gib', 'I')  They may I think find it necessary to have someone permanently in Gib. 
('Gib', 'I')  I had a long talk with Burt about Gib. 
('Gib', 'I')  I am told that the Felipe who was arrested in connection with the egg-sabotage case in Gib. 
('Gib', 'I')  I said that I thought it would be difficult to stop a man who was running an escapee organisation from obtaining information and that it would also be difficult to allow the French, for example, to run agents from here but say to them tnat they could not do so from Gib. 
('Gib', 'I')  I cited the case of KELLER and STAALDER who had arrived in America with photographs and a plan of Gib. 
('Gib', 'I')  I refereed to the case of KELLER and STAHLDER, the two individuals who had come from Gib. 
('Gib', 'I')  I had thought that possibly he might have gone back to Canada as a XX.GROBBEN is a reliable seaman who might have been employed if his case had not been bungled by the Navy at Gib. 
('Gib', 'I')  He had not pre- viously seen the correspondence which had been handled by I said that if there was any prospect of HUMPHREYS being blackmailed by ADDIS he was probably better placed at Gib than in this country. 
('Executive', 'I')  The camp had been set up on the orders of Lord Swinton, who was, I believe, at that time Executive Head of M.1.5. 
('Executive', 'I')  The camp had been set up on the orders of Lord Swinton, who was, I believe, at that time Executive Head of M.I.5. 
('Executive', 'I')  The camp had been set up on the orders of Lord Swinton, who was, I believe, 155 at that time Executive Head of M.I.5. 
('Executive', 'I')  Executive, or even the local party Head- quarters, I felt this was unlikely. 
('Executive', 'I')  I said that if he was thinking in terms of the C.P., was fairly confident that their Executive Committee would not countenance any act of the kind. 
('Executive', 'I')  I discussed with Hollis the line we should take about the Security Executive at next Wednesday's meeting. 
('Executive', 'I')  I made it clear that the purpose of the Security Executive, as set out in the papers, namely, an organisation to deal with all Fifth Column was correctly stated, in that in 1940 Lord Swinton had so described its functions, having entirely overlooked the fact that the Fifth Column was the sole raison d'etre of the Security Service. 
('Executive', 'I')  I told the meeting which Roger and I attended on the shape and form to be taken by the Security Executive in time of war. 
('Executive', 'I')  I gather, however, that George Jenkin wants to go a little deeper; he wants to find one or two really high-grade agents who will have access to officials of the Executive Committee of the Malayan C.P. 
('Executive', 'I')  It would further seem desirable to intern all organisers and members of the Executive Committee, but I don't think it would be necessary at any rate in the first instance to make any recommendation that the Party should be declared illegal. 
('Executive', 'I')  I attended the inaugural meeting of the sub-committee of the Home Policy Executive, at which 5th Column activities were discussed. 
('Executive', 'I')  I told him of the suggestion by the Executive that the P. M. should answer a question on the subject of leakage in the House. 
('Executive', 'I')  I showed him the minutes of the Security Executive on the subject, and explained that only a prosecution with a heavy sentence or a statement from the P. M. was likely to do much good at this stage. 
('Douglas', 'I')  I am notifying Douglas Roberts. 
('Douglas', 'I')  I said that in this I thought Douglas was definitely wrong. 
('Douglas', 'I')  Dick, Kellar and I had a talk about Douglas Roberts coming visit. 
('Douglas', 'I')  Dick will take up this matter with Cohen and later I will speak to C. Kellar is anxious that Douglas should not stay on after September but if pressed me would not mind his remaining for another year. 
('Douglas', 'I')  He knows Douglas Roberts and also, I think, Jenkins. 
('Douglas', 'I')  It is unfortunate that this should have happened, since Shaw has confirmed Douglas Roberts's view which I am certain was given purely out of pique. 
('Douglas', 'I')  I told him that the report had been dealt with by The Times, Weekly Review, The Sunday Dispatch and a special weekly called Tidings by 22 Douglas Reed. 
('Douglas', 'I')  I told Kellar about the telegram I had received from the D.G., provisionally appointing Magan as head of SIME until a final decision could be made about Douglas Rober successor. 
('Douglas', 'I')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('Douglas', 'I')  It was decided: (a) that I should speak to Craufurd; (b) that Haylor was already warned; (c) that there was no particular poin in talking to Alley; (a) that Dick would speak to Douglas Roberts; (e) that Derbyshire should gradually extract himself without giving offence; (1) that we should continue observation on "SHARKEY". 
('Douglas', 'I')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('Douglas', 'I')  It was decided : (a) that I should speak to Craufurd; (b) that Haylor was already warned; (c) that there was no particular point in talking to Alley; (d) that Dick would speak to Douglas Roberts; (e) that Derbyshire should gradually extract himself without giving offence; (f) that we should continue observation on "SHARKEY". 
('Douglas', 'I')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts. 
('Dick Butler', 'Stephens')  Dick Butler came in to talk to me about the Stephens case, which he thought on the whole was going fairly well. 
('Dick Butler', 'Stephens')  Dick Butler came to talk about the Stephens case. 
('Dick Butler', 'Stephens')  and ask him whether he would like to see Dick Butler, Stephens is arriving in this country in a few days. 
('Dick Butler', 'Stephens')  Dick Butler came to see me about a wire he had received through the War office from Stephens, asking for legal representation. 
('Dick Butler', 'Stephens')  26th July Cussen and Dick Butler came to discuss the Stephens case with the D.G. 
('Dick Butler', 'Stephens')  2nd October Dick Butler came to see me about Stephens. 
('Dick Butler', 'Stephens')  Dick Butler came in to talk to me about the Stephens case, which he thought on the whole was going fairly well. 
('Dick Butler', 'Stephens')  Dick Butler came to talk about the Stephens case. 
('Dick Butler', 'Stephens')  Dick Butler came to see me about a wire he had received through the War office from Stephens, asking for legal representation. 
('Dick Butler', 'Stephens')  26th July Cussen and Dick Butler came to discuss the Stephens case with the D.G. 
('Dick Butler', 'Stephens')  2nd October Dick Butler came to see me about Stephens. 
('Dick Butler', 'Stephens')  Dick Butler came in to talk to me about the Stephens case, which he thought on the whole was going fairly well. 
('Dick Butler', 'Stephens')  Dick Butler came to talk about the Stephens case. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'UNDER SECTION')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS 26th November, ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS CT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'UNDER SECTION')  ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'UNDER SECTION')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'UNDER SECTION')  about the basis on which they are intending to compute theils93 Toppe ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'UNDER SECTION')  IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'UNDER SECTION')  KV41474 S Form 960 POL F53-24-5811 / AV21 VOLUME 21 1952 Index THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3(4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'RECORDS')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS 26th November, ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS CT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'RECORDS')  ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'RECORDS')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'RECORDS')  about the basis on which they are intending to compute theils93 Toppe ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'RECORDS')  IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'RECORDS')  KV41474 S Form 960 POL F53-24-5811 / AV21 VOLUME 21 1952 Index THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3(4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS 26th November, ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS CT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  about the basis on which they are intending to compute theils93 Toppe ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  KV41474 S Form 960 POL F53-24-5811 / AV21 VOLUME 21 1952 Index THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3(4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('Communism', 'I')  Stafford Cripps, I think, still believes that he is leading the country to state socialism, which differs 11ttle 11 at all from Communism, by evolutionary means, thus avoiding the violence of revolution. 
('Communism', 'I')  Runacres asked me whether we would like to receive copies of his reports on Communism, and whether I thought it would be a good thing for him to send copies to the Home Office. 
('Communism', 'I')  I had quite a long talk with Mrs. Towndrow and congratulated her on her excellent performance when addressing Scottish Police Forces on the subject of Communism. 
('Communism', 'I')  I explained to Admiral Thompson that it was difficult to make a distinction, as regards the D.G's work, between Communism and counter-espionage, or military defence matters; the two were now so inextricable mixed up. 
('Communism', 'I')  I said that in so far as the west and East Africa were concerned, there was no evidence of Communism as it was understood in Europe, there was no local Communist Party. 
('Communism', 'I')  I talked to Miss Bagot and Kitchin about an African paper on Communism, the draft of which has been put up by the J.I.O. 
('Communism', 'I')  I then spoke to him about a matter which had been worrying us for some time, namely, the large number of organisations with varying interest in Communism which were writing papers on the subject. 
('Communism', 'I')  -------------- I discussed with Miss Bagot and Kitchin further revisions to the paper on Communism in Africa. 
('Communism', 'I')  -------------- I had a meeting with Hamblen, Miss Bagot, and Serpell about the Foreign Office proposal that in future when any Department is about to write a paper on any aspect of Communism, the facts should be noted to Reilly, so that other Departments can either contribute or stake a claim as users. 
('Communism', 'I')  I told him privately that MACARTNEY was the author of a book called "Walls Have Ears", and that in general I thought he was concerned more with MACARTNEY and his future than with anything else; his Communism was only a very dim background. 
('Communism', 'I')  While I believe that BLUNT dabbled in Communism, I still think it unlikely that he ever became a member. 
('Communism', 'I')  Although one of my objects in doing so was to discuss with Cyril Mills GARBO's notional agent and the WATCHDOG case, I doubt whether I had much discussion on Communism in Canada. 
('Communism', 'I')  I saw Dicik and Marriot about the data which we are supplying to the Brook Committee to be incorporated in their report to the Defence Committee on Communism in this country. 
('Co', 'I')  I explained to Kim that both the F.B.I.s and our point of view was that we must as far as possible have direct exchange and that whereas we as a defensive organization were not suspect, SIS particularly in view of Bill's past antics, were suspect, even though Bill might have acquired a letter from Hoover thanking him for his past services and stating that without Security Co-Ordination the war could. 
('Co', 'I')  At the top he had a sort of glass house with a cocktail bar, which I believe was frequented by Ribbentrop, Boering & Co. 
('Co', 'I')  He said that as an enthusiast about Japanese swords he had for some time had dealings with the firm of BAPTY & Co., who have a small shop somewhere off the Haymarket (this firm is well known to us, but I do not think there is anything wrong. 
('Co', 'I')  I said that I though the arrangements that we had made would have to stand or fall on whether Aung San & Co were prepared to accept BATTERSBY: they had a reputation for frankness, and I imagine that if they did not like him they would say so. 
('Co', 'I')  He said that as an enthusiast about Japanese swords he had for some time had dealings with the firm of BAPTY & Co., who have a small shop somewhere off the Haymarket (this firm is well known to us, but I do not think there is anything wrong. 
('Co', 'I')  I said that I thought the arrangements that we had made would have to stand or fall on whether Aung San & Co were prepared to accept BATTERSBY: they had a renutation for frankness, and I imagine that if 36 they did not like him they would say so. 
('Co', 'I')  He said that as an enthusiast about Japanese swords he had for some time had 151 dealings with the firm of BAPTY & Co., who have a small shop somewhere off the Haymarket (this firm is well known to us, but I do not think there is anything wrong. 
('Co', 'I')  I gather that the papers which are known to have leaked were circulated, emongst others, to Security Co-Ordination. 
('Co', 'I')  Stewart spoke to me about the Pyrene Co. with which I believe W.B.PHILLIPS was at one time connected. 
('Co', 'I')  I said that I thought that Swinton should arrange with the Ambassador and the Security Co-Ordination (a) that these men should be vetted and (b) that the Americans should supply their own security officers, and (c) that these security officers should be placed in touch with Mainsell. 
('Co', 'I')  I would have suggested that if the documents had been sent at all it should have gone to Security Co-Ordination and only released after we had been given full details as to how it would be disposed of. 
('Co', 'I')  September 3rd I had a meeting with Stopford, Matthews and Joe Stephenson about the PAIR FISHIING Co. which employs Spanish fisherman and runs boats from Milford Haven which fish off the coast of Eire. 
('Co', 'I')  I asked him a good deal about Security Co-Ordination. 
('Charter', 'I')  I said that I did not think there would be any real difficulty in our doing this under our Charter. 
('Charter', 'I')  I explained that it was not really within our Charter to look after the morale and discipline of the Navy: in fact the Prime Minister had attached great importance to our keeping clear of any possible accusation of being a Gestapo. 
('Charter', 'I')  I explained that it was not really within our Charter to look after the morale and discipline of the Navy: in fact the Prime Minister had attached great importance to our keeping clear of any possible accusation of being a Gestapo. 
('Charter', 'I')  I explained that it was not really within our Charter to look after the morale and discipline of the Navy: in fact the Prime Minister had attached great importance to our keeping clear of any possible accusation of being a Gestapo. 
('Charter', 'I')  I would raise the question of the Charter. 
('Charter', 'I')  At the meeting with S.I.S., I started by quoting from our Charter, which seemed to constitute a complete overlap with the Charter given by 3.1.5. in the document they had tabled. 
('Charter', 'I')  I asked what the date of this Charter was and from whom it had been received. 
('Charter', 'I')  I said that we too might have difficulties with our Chief, who might well say that he had a Charter given to him by the F.M. 
('Charter', 'I')  I gather that the matter was somewhat urgent, as until the clearance is given certain documents and equipment cannot be supplied to the Italians under the Atlantic Charter agreement. 
('Charter', 'I')  I am all for helping the French if we can, sincw* we may well ask them from time to time for enquiries which are possibly to some extent outside their Charter. 
('Charter', 'I')  I went to see [missing] about the revised Charter, the D.G. 
('Charter', 'I')  in the Charter, and, when I pointed out that we should have to clear this with S.I.S., he asked me to do so. 
('Charter', 'I')  that we had and I reviewed the applications very carefully to see the t they were within the four walls of our Charter. 
('Allan', 'I')  I said that in a case where anyone has a good line, it is worth while consulting Allan regarding any mail or censorship problem, as he will probably be able to say whether there is any way of getting round it. 
('Allan', 'I')  I have put Boyle in touch with Allan. 
('Allan', 'I')  I spoke to Allan about one of David Boyle's employees in the Middle East who is returning to the post office. 
('Allan', 'I')  I saw Birchall about a suggestion that Allan should go to Trinidad with a small mission mnich to look into the Post Office system generally. 
('Allan', 'I')  I said that there were two alternatives, either that Allan should have some plausible excuse for finding himself in the area, or that one or other of those already going should be briefed by Allan. 
('Allan', 'I')  I saw Firth and Allan about the Trinidad project. 
('Allan', 'I')  I asked Colonel Allan whether this was taxing his resources too far. 
('Allan', 'I')  I discussed with Allan and Norman questions of restricted occupations. 
('Allan', 'I')  I have had a long discussion with Archer, Curry and Allan today about the possible sources of leakage through firms with German connections. 
('Allan', 'I')  I had a talk with Adam and Allan and suggested that we should appoint 2 or 3 Field Security Police- men in each port for detective work, the idea being that they would go through the B.6 school. 
('Allan', 'I')  in the Post Office and I have got Allan working on this. 
('Allan', 'I')  I dined with Lennox who was anxious to hear about my visit to U.S.A. July 25th Col. Allan came to see me about certain USA diplomatic correspondence which was clearly being opened. 
('Allan', 'I')  He wanted to know about a number of Security matters to I have put him on to Harry Allan. 
('Abwehr', 'I')  In none of the papers can I find that OSTRO had any personal collaborator's - secretarial or otherwise - this, coupled with the fact that he had an undertaking with the Abwehr, that he would never be called upon to discuss his sources, would clearly have placed him in a strong position is it was his intention to mislead his superiors. 
('Abwehr', 'I')  In none of the papers can I find that OSTRO had any personal collaborator's- secretarial or otherwise - this, coupled with the fact that he had an undertaking with the Abwehr, that he would never be called upon to discuss his sources, would clearly have placed him in a strong position if it was his intention to mislead his superiors. 
('Abwehr', 'I')  In none of the papers can I find that OSTRO had any personal collaborator's secretarial or otherwise - this, coupled with the fact that he had an undertaking with the Abwehr, that he would never be called upon to discuss his sources, would clearly have placed him in a strong position if it was his intention to mislead his superiors. 
('Abwehr', 'I')  I am arranging for Pierse to see a number of people here in order that he may get as good a picture as he can of the Abwehr. 
('Abwehr', 'I')  I had a long discussion with him about the Abwehr training he had had. 
('Abwehr', 'I')  I told them both about Springbok, whose traffic they are trying to monitor and also about the Abwehr station at Stahnsdor where Springbok was trained. 
('Abwehr', 'I')  This information which was obtained originally on ISOS, is confirmed by the capture of two I.Heer members of the Abwehr. 
('Abwehr', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick and Curry about bringing Curry's work on the Abwehr up to date. 
('Abwehr', 'I')  I said that I doubted whether they would ever get an opportunity of standing back and surveying the whole workings of the Abwehr in their area. 
('Abwehr', 'I')  It is no wonder that nobody is in any position to give a compre- hensive account of Abwehr activities in the U.S.A. 800 I went over this afternoon to see C. and Bridges about PEPPERMINT. 
('Abwehr', 'I')  802 September 26th I had a long conversation with Curry and Hart about the keeping up to date of Curry's work on the Abwehr. 
('Abwehr', 'I')  853 G-P tried to pull a fast one on the meet- ing by saying that he was solely coneerned vith Abwehr material while I.B. 
('Abwehr', 'I')  If Abwehr agents were dropped during that period he would merely take a bearing on them and inform the I.B.Staff. 
('OSTRO', 'RATSCHITZKY')  In July, 1939, as war was imminent, OSTRO states he asked the Abwehr to make a payment of 1,200 through the German Embassy on a bearer cheque drawn on Hambro's Bank for RATSCHITZKY. 
('OSTRO', 'RATSCHITZKY')  OSTRO was conveniently vague about the instructions he gave to RATSCHITZKY to collect the money, and no clue is given as to how Hambros were to recognise the person to whom they were to hand over the 1,200. 
('OSTRO', 'RATSCHITZKY')  The final view of Miss Chenhalls and Klop is that RATSCHITZKY was approached and very probably recruited by OSTRO, but they doubt whether he ever operated as an agent whilst in the U.K. RATSCHITZKY states that he never met OSTRO after 1937, yet OSTRO alleges that he recruited him in his home town of Lundenburg (?) 
('OSTRO', 'RATSCHITZKY')  It seems likely, therefore, [missing]at RATSCHITZKY was recruited by OSTRO between October, 1938, and March, 1939. 
('OSTRO', 'RATSCHITZKY')  In July, 1939, as war was imminent, OSTRO states he asked the Abwehr to make a payment of 1,200 through the German Embassy on a bearer cheque drawn on Hambro's Bank for RATSCHITZKY. 
('OSTRO', 'RATSCHITZKY')  OSTRO was conveniently vague about the instructions he gave to RATSCHITZKY to collect the money, and no clue is given as to how Hambros were to recognise the person to whom they were to hand over the 1,200. 
('OSTRO', 'RATSCHITZKY')  The final view of Miss Chenhalls and Klop is that RATSCHITZKY was approached and very probably recruited by OSTRO, but they doubt whether he ever operated as an agent whilst in the U.K. RATSCHITZKY states that he never met OSTRO after 1937, yet OSTRO alleges that he recruited him in his home town of Lundenburg (?) 
('OSTRO', 'RATSCHITZKY')  It seems likely, therefore, at RATSCHITZKY was recruited by OSTRO between October, 1938, and March, 1939. 
('OSTRO', 'RATSCHITZKY')  In July, 1939, as war was imminent, OSTRO states he asked the Abwehr to make a payment of 1,200 through the German Embassy on a bearer cheque drawn on Hambro's Bank for RATSCHITZKY. 
('OSTRO', 'RATSCHITZKY')  OSTRO was conveniently vague about the instructions he gave to RATSCHITZKY to collect the money, and no clue is given as to how Hambros were to recognise the person to whom they were to hand over the 1,200. 
('OSTRO', 'RATSCHITZKY')  The final view of Miss Chenhalls and Klop is that RATSCHITZKY was approached and very probably recruited by OSTRO, but they doubt whether he ever operated as an agent whilst in the U.K. RATSCHITZKY states that he never met OSTRO after 1937, yet OSTRO alleges that he recruited him in his home town of Lundenburg (?) 
('OSTRO', 'RATSCHITZKY')  It seems likely, therefore, that RATSCHITZKY was recruited by OSTRO between October, 1938, and March, 1939. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'UNDER SECTION')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS 26th November, ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS CT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'UNDER SECTION')  ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'UNDER SECTION')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'UNDER SECTION')  about the basis on which they are intending to compute theils93 Toppe ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'UNDER SECTION')  KV41474 S Form 960 POL F53-24-5811 / AV21 VOLUME 21 1952 Index THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3(4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'RECORDS')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS 26th November, ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS CT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'RECORDS')  ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'RECORDS')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'RECORDS')  about the basis on which they are intending to compute theils93 Toppe ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'RECORDS')  KV41474 S Form 960 POL F53-24-5811 / AV21 VOLUME 21 1952 Index THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3(4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS 26th November, ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS CT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  about the basis on which they are intending to compute theils93 Toppe ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  KV41474 S Form 960 POL F53-24-5811 / AV21 VOLUME 21 1952 Index THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3(4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('I', 'Vesey')  I discussed with Vesey the cases of British-born women married to Germans and Austrians who are applying to come to this country. 
('I', 'Vesey')  I have told Vesey to supply me with up to date particulars and I propose to write to H.O. 
('I', 'Vesey')  I discussed with Vesey and [redacted] the question or vetting of American visa applications. 
('I', 'Vesey')  Horrocks, Adam, Byrde, Vesey, Strong and I discussed the vetting of American immigration. 
('I', 'Vesey')  I attended a meeting in Harker's room with Cussen and Vesey (a) on the subject of the prosecution of ZIGZAG and (b) on a spy book written by one FIRMIN, Crime Correspondent of the Daily Telegraph. 
('I', 'Vesey')  I had meeting with Dick, TAR, Curry, Vesey and Miss Wadeson on the Etappendienst and about the cases of JAKOBS and STREBEL. 
('I', 'Vesey')  Meanwhile I have Vesey examining the problem again. 
('I', 'Vesey')  I told Vesey that this would really be a matter for the F.O. 
('I', 'Vesey')  I had a meeting with Hayter about KRAVCHENKO, who David Vesey tells me is anxious to pay a visit to this country. 
('I', 'Vesey')  I have passed this on to Hayter, with a request for an answer by Thursday, when Desond Vesey will be revisiting Paris. 
('I', 'Vesey')  I also asked him whether he would consent to spare Vesey for other work as he did not seem to have much to do. 
('I', 'Vesey')  I had a talk with Jock Whyte and arranged with him that Vesey should go to the RPS. 
('I', 'Rothschild')  I had a meeting with the DG, Rothschild and Allen about Victor's future. 
('I', 'Rothschild')  I explained to him that Rothschild was no longer a member of this department and I felt, therefore, that the case could be more appropriate handled here. 
('I', 'Rothschild')  At Godfrey's request I saw Lord Rothschild, who is doing sabotage research work for M.I.R. 
('I', 'Rothschild')  I dined with Maude and Rothschild last night. 
('I', 'Rothschild')  I introduced Rothschild to Archer. 
('I', 'Rothschild')  Jasper and I saw Rothschild this morning. 
('I', 'Rothschild')  I lunched today with Rothschild and Sir George Gaytor, who is P.U.S. 
('I', 'Rothschild')  This is I think a real triumph for Rothschild, who has done a very good job of work. 
('I', 'Rothschild')  Rothschild was violently anti- Zionist and asfar as I knew Hart is too. 
('I', 'Rothschild')  D.G.s view with which I entirely agree is that had we been in direct touch with Stephenson we should have merely telegraphed to him saying that we proposed to send out Rothschild to discuss the sabotage case- and unless he registered a protest within 48 hours, Rothschild would have gone, and would have been back by now. 
('I', 'Rothschild')  I had lunch with Jimmy Rothschild who is worried about the behaviour of his French cousin in Canada. 
('I', 'Rothschild')  In the afternoon I saw Duff-Cooper in order to explain to him that I had taken his name in vain on Sunday night by getting Rothschild to convey a message from him to Malcolm MacDonald about the publicity in the JANOWSKI case. 
('I', 'Report')  I saw Patrick Reilly about the mechanisation of Post Report, which had been discussed at the J.I.C. 
('I', 'Report')  I felt that we were rather closing the door of the Home office and that if we could get them to mechanise Post Report there was a possibility of extending the scheme to the whole of the Aliens Register. 
('I', 'Report')  I had a discussion with Potter about the mechanisation of Post Report and the Aliens Register. 
('I', 'Report')  to-day I raised again the question of the mechanisation of Post Report and the Central Aliens Register. 
('I', 'Report')  I saw Jones, Lodge and Weiler from the Home Office Aliens Branch, on the question of the mechanisation of Post Report and the Central Aliens Register. 
('I', 'Report')  I talked to Macdonald about the mechanisation of Post Report. 
('I', 'Report')  I discussed with him the mechanisation of Post Report, with particular regard to the costs. 
('I', 'Report')  (G) staff would be of the type which could be absorbed into a Government Intelligence Service, I understand that the question of a Government Intelligence Service does not refer to proposals in the Brook Committee Report, but to a matter under discussion by a Committee of P.U.Ss from the Services under the Chairmanship of Sir Harold Parker. 
('I', 'Report')  I talked to Macdonald about Post Report. 
('I', 'Report')  I spoke to Hunt at No.10 about "Democratic German Report" and promised to send him a short note on John Scott PEET and on what we knew about the circulation of the Report. 
('I', 'Report')  Postings: I had a word with Macdonald and Curoming about Post Report mechanisation. 
('I', 'Report')  I had a talk with Potter about the proposal to Hollerith Post Report. 
('I', 'Poles')  I explained to Maltby that if his information was correct it was a matter of some concern to us since we were responsible for the activities of Poles in this country. 
('I', 'Poles')  This is exactly what I expected would happen and only shows how necessary it is to be in a position to give the facts regarding either pro- or anti-Lublin Poles. 
('I', 'Poles')  I understand that there are quite a number there always getting into touch with the pro-Russian group of Poles in this country. 
('I', 'Poles')  I had a talk with Dick and Alley about the Poles. 
('I', 'Poles')  At the DG meeting today I raised the question of the employment of Poles in our research establishments. 
('I', 'Poles')  I agreed with Alley however that where Poles had been employed on highly secret work, steps should be taken to get their families over to this country as soon as possible, whether they remain in research establishments or not. 
('I', 'Poles')  I said I thought this could only be done by forming a small committee of Poles who are thought to be reliable since our records would not be likely to be of much help. 
('I', 'Poles')  I had a long talk with Dick and Alley about Poles. 
('I', 'Poles')  to-day I told Hayter that we were contemplating a round-up of Poles. 
('I', 'Poles')  It seemed to me that there had been a certain amount of mis- understanding, and perhaps even a feeling of vindictiveness against [missing] which might have a serious effect if, as I understood the Air Ministry point of view, the primary objective was to prevent [missing] from going back to the Poles and possibly divulging information of even greater importance about which he may up to now have remained silent. 
('I', 'Poles')  I suppose these will include a large number of Poles. 
('I', 'Poles')  I said that I hardly thought it worth while pressing the Air Ministry to get us a seat on the plane for Burt to go to Canada and America, until we had made an attempt here to clear up the case through the interrogation of various Poles who have travelledon Sikorski's plane. 
('I', 'Major')  I told Burt that his promotion to Lt.-Col. Find the promotions or Spooner and Skardon to Major had been approved by the Military Secretary. 
('I', 'Major')  A Major Brede in reporting on I Luft, reports on Ostro. 
('I', 'Major')  I told him that I had explained this point very carefully to Tess but that Stewart Hampshire had rung up Major Hope who had communicated with me to the effect that we had the all clear. 
('I', 'Major')  I asked Malcom Cumming to go over and see his Staff Officer, Major Stapleton. 
('I', 'Major')  I asked Malcom Cumming to go over and see his Staff Officer, Major Stapleton. 
('I', 'Major')  -------------- I saw Major for a moment. 
('I', 'Major')  -------------- I gave a talk to two Pakistani officers, Major Sidiqui and Major Arif, on the work of the office. 
('I', 'Major')  -------------- Dick, Perfect and I lunched with the Chief Constable of Dorset, Major Peel-Yates. 
('I', 'Major')  I saw Major Peirse who is going as our representative to Colombo. 
('I', 'Major')  I saw Major Aeswick of S.O.E. 
('I', 'Major')  I explained to them the views of Major Reswick and asked them to agree that the names should be withheld from them and that the traffic which they would have to approve should not be circula ted in the weekly bulletin, for the next 4-5 weeks, when the LUCAS side of the business would have been liquidated. 
('I', 'Major')  I had a talk with Major Thornley about WITT. 
('I', 'James')  I had a talk with Dick and James Robertson about the future of the Middle East section. 
('I', 'James')  I discussed with James Robertson the effect of the declaration of the Govt. 
('I', 'James')  Dick, Bertram, Clayton, Courtenay, James Robertson and I had a discussion on the liquidation of O.C. 
('I', 'James')  I spoke to James Robertson about sabotage in Palestine. 
('I', 'James')  I talked to James Robertson and to Stewart about the case of three ships in Plymouth, which it is thought are being purchased by some Greeks for the purpose of illegal immigration into Palestine. 
('I', 'James')  would take the line that tourist traffic to bring in dollars is of primary importance, I said a report should be asked for from Kirby-Greeny unless we had already had his views on the subject..... James Robertson referred to a telephone call received by F.M. 
('I', 'James')  I had a long talk with James Robertson about PINGAL. 
('I', 'James')  I went with James Robertson to see FINGAL and to discuss his case. 
('I', 'James')  I had a meeting with D.C., C.2, Martin and James Robertson about the FUCHS case, to try and clear our minds before high-level meeting to-morrow with Atomic Energy. 
('I', 'James')  [redacted] came over and I gave him the story about FUCHS, in the presence of Dick, John, James, Skardon, and Hill. 
('I', 'James')  I had a long talk with Dick and James Robertson about the PEACH case. 
('I', 'James')  I saw James Robertson, Simkins and Skardon and told them about my interview with BLUNT. 
('Holland', 'I')  Alley came to ask me whether I would be prepared to go to Holland for 2 days next week. 
('Holland', 'I')  I saw [missing] who was going to Holland. 
('Holland', 'I')  I had lunch with who is going on another visit to Holland. 
('Holland', 'I')  I saw		who was going to Holland. 
('Holland', 'I')  I had lunch with who is going on another visit to Holland. 
('Holland', 'I')  I saw who was going to Holland. 
('Holland', 'I')  I said that I understood that in Holland foreign aircraft had to fly on certain defined routes, which presumably prevented them from taking photographs of prohibited places. 
('Holland', 'I')  I told him that since the war it was permissable to take photographs - I rather gathered that this was not the case in Holland. 
('Holland', 'I')  He is very anxious that I should go to Holland and inspect his frontier posts; he has been so insistent about this that I suppose I shall have to go sooner or later. 
('Holland', 'I')  I saw Ned Reid about BRUNCK, who according to Padgham has been paying Schultzer-Bernett the head of the German S.S. in Holland. 
('Holland', 'I')  He came here from Holland and I strongly suspect that he has been making enquiries into the case on behalf of the 2eme bureau who probably suspected our bona fides in view of Hans ARNHEIM's connection with a British officer and with Stephen King-Hall on whose behalf he says he went to Tunis. 
('Holland', 'I')  The Dutch were thought to be resisting well at that moment and the British have apparently landed troops in Holland, I believe they were Guards and only stayed 36 hours. 
('Gen.', 'I')  They constitute the daily reports on which the battle was fought by the General Staff and contain whole chunks of GARBO and BRUTUS and in one instance the comments of Gen. Krumacher, who was the I.C. 
('Gen.', 'I')  In the afternoon I saw Murphy of OSS(X2) and also his chief Gen. MacGruder. 
('Gen.', 'I')  I had a talk afterwards with Gen. Templar the new DMI whom I had already met. 
('Gen.', 'I')  This of course is an echo of Gen. Seibert's visit here some months ago when he asked for all the information we could give him about Russian espionage If I remember aright we referred him to the Control Commission. 
('Gen.', 'I')  however threw some doubt on the advisability of creating a War Room with the Americans owing to the differences which exist TION between G.2., I got Col. Rhodes, who attended the meeting with Gen. Lethbrigge, to come round efter inch. 
('Gen.', 'I')  I pointed this out both to Rhodes and to Gen. Lethbridge, D.N.I. 
('Gen.', 'I')  'C' however threw some doubt on the advisability of creating a War Room with the Americans owing to the differences which exist between G.2., I got Col. Rhodes, who attended the meeting with Gen. Lethbridge, to come round after inch. 
('Gen.', 'I')  I pointed this out both to Rhodes and to Gen. Lethbridge, 96 D.N.I. 
('Gen.', 'I')  I had a meeting with Gen. French today about codes. 
('Gen.', 'I')  I went to a meeting at the WarCabinet presided over by Gen. Dewing. 
('Gen.', 'I')  I saw Gen. Finlayson with Cecil at the Senior. 
('Gen.', 'I')  One was from Sean HARRINGTON, chief of Staff and two others to Sean MCCOOL, Adjutant Gen. eral and acting D. of I. 
('Gen', 'I')  They constitute the daily reports on which the battle was fought by the General Staff and contain whole chunks of GARBO and BRUTUS and in one instance the comments of Gen. Krumacher, who was the I.C. 
('Gen', 'I')  In the afternoon I saw Murphy of OSS(X2) and also his chief Gen. MacGruder. 
('Gen', 'I')  I had a talk afterwards with Gen. Templar the new DMI whom I had already met. 
('Gen', 'I')  This of course is an echo of Gen. Seibert's visit here some months ago when he asked for all the information we could give him about Russian espionage If I remember aright we referred him to the Control Commission. 
('Gen', 'I')  however threw some doubt on the advisability of creating a War Room with the Americans owing to the differences which exist TION between G.2., I got Col. Rhodes, who attended the meeting with Gen. Lethbrigge, to come round efter inch. 
('Gen', 'I')  I pointed this out both to Rhodes and to Gen. Lethbridge, D.N.I. 
('Gen', 'I')  'C' however threw some doubt on the advisability of creating a War Room with the Americans owing to the differences which exist between G.2., I got Col. Rhodes, who attended the meeting with Gen. Lethbridge, to come round after inch. 
('Gen', 'I')  I pointed this out both to Rhodes and to Gen. Lethbridge, 96 D.N.I. 
('Gen', 'I')  I had a meeting with Gen. French today about codes. 
('Gen', 'I')  I went to a meeting at the WarCabinet presided over by Gen. Dewing. 
('Gen', 'I')  I saw Gen. Finlayson with Cecil at the Senior. 
('Gen', 'I')  One was from Sean HARRINGTON, chief of Staff and two others to Sean MCCOOL, Adjutant Gen. eral and acting D. of I. 
('FUCHS', 'Harwell')  Perrin told us on Friday that it had been impossible to hold the Aricans and that Harwell, including FUCHS and PEIERLS, would now know how the commation had been obtained. 
('FUCHS', 'Harwell')  Portl seemed to take the view that in the light of all the evidence, the risk of keeping FUCHS at Harwell was a one which could not be accepted. 
('FUCHS', 'Harwell')  I explained to him that FUCHS had given us an opening by reporting to the Security Officer at Harwell that his father was now residing in the Soviet Zone of Germany, and that FUCHS had been informed that this in itself raised grave security issues which might jeopardise his continued employment at Harwell. 
('FUCHS', 'Harwell')  Lord Portal seemed to take the view - although no final decision had yet been reached - that the security risk of maintaining FUCHS at Harwell could not be accepted, and that some post should therefore be found for him at one of the Universities. 
('FUCHS', 'Harwell')  It was agreed that in the light of all the evidence it was impossible to retain the services of FUCHS at Harwell. 
('FUCHS', 'Harwell')  He will tell Skinner that as FUCHS' father has accepted a position in the Eastern Zone it is impossible to retain him at Harwell, and that the Security authorities are quite adamant on this point, He will then ask Skinner whether he can find any opening for FUCHS, and he confidently expects that the answer will be in the affirmative. 
('FUCHS', 'Harwell')  He will be told to keep the reason for FUCHS' departure to himself, as once a job has been secured it will be possible to say quite openly that FUCHS has got a better and more lucrative appointment, and that employees at Harwell are always at liberty to leave and take on other work if they wish to do so. 
('FUCHS', 'Harwell')  FUCHS is to be allowed to remain at Harwell and carry out the ordinary hand-over. 
('FUCHS', 'Harwell')  We now have to consider what further security checks should continue to operate, at any rate until FUCHS leaves Harwell. 
('FUCHS', 'Harwell')  -------------- Skardon went down to Harwell to see FUCHS at the latter's request. 
('FUCHS', 'Harwell')  FUCHS said: "It means more than that - Harwell will not be able to go on. 
('FUCHS', 'Harwell')  Had we known of the existence of this entry, it might have caused us to make closer enquiries and it might have influenced us when the decision was made to allow FUCHS to go to Harwell after his return to this country. 
('Dublin', 'Legation')  McKenna was particularly forthcoming and we talked a lot about the value of our personal relations - how for example the question of the wireless set in the Legation had been settled after McKenna's conversation with Cecil in Dublin. 
('Dublin', 'Legation')  Czech in German Legation, Dublin 215 Czech Legion			176 Jzech Refugee Committee	126, 273 Czech Tribunal		126 Czech Communist Group	82 Czech Intelligence		350. 
('Dublin', 'Legation')  He complained that Dublin were unable to get into telephonic communication with their Legation in Paris, but he is going to tackle the D.O. 
('Dublin', 'Legation')  As he received his visa from the German Legation in Dublin on the 22nd, it would seem that he could not have got it on the strength of this letter. 
('Dublin', 'Legation')  he says that as far as is known the German Legation in Dublin has no illicit wireless. 
('Dublin', 'Legation')  Colonel Le Hardy, Censorship, rang up to say that a telegram in cypher from the German Legation in Dublin to the German Embassy in Washington had been intercepted in Nova Scotia on some date prior to October 8th. 
('Dublin', 'Legation')  [redacted] in the German Legation in Dublin is now sending to the [redacted] in London torn up pieces of paper which are alleged to come from the German Minister's confidential waste. 
('Dublin', 'Legation')  Information that we had from other sources makes it quite clear that STEWART is frequently at the German Legation in Dublin. 
('Dublin', 'Legation')  According to our informant it was his intention to get into touch with the German Legation in Dublin regarding certain peace proposals which he is going to put forward in the name of the British Council for Christian Settlement in Europe. 
('Dublin', 'Legation')  The German Foreign Office circular which was recently sent to German Legation in Dublin, was read. 
('Dublin', 'Legation')  Personally I think it is quite out of the question to consider posting agents outside the German Legation in Dublin. 
('Dublin', 'Legation')  He had not told us before that ne had this on him, and it is a bit of luck that the Germans did not get hold of it when he visited the Legation in Dublin. 
('Dick White', 'I')  It was decided that Harry Allen, Dick White and myself would each draft a skeleton for a six-page memorandum, which it was felt would be more suitable for D's of I., Chiefs of Staff, Under Secretaries of State. 
('Dick White', 'I')  Itttold him that neither Dick White nor myself had any responsibility fir* the administration of Ham and that without reference to the files I could not give him first-hand knowledge of any standing orders there were about punish- ments. 
('Dick White', 'I')  34 Bed July Dick White and I saw WAGSTAFFE. 
('Dick White', 'I')  I said that Dick White was in the Middle East and would be considering the case locally. 
('Dick White', 'I')  I told him that neither Dick White nor myself had any responsibility fir the administration of Ham and that without reference to the files I could not give him first-hand knowledge of any standing orders there were about punish- ments. 
('Dick White', 'I')  Dick White and I saw WAGSTAFFE. 
('Dick White', 'I')  I said that Dick White was in the Middle East and would be considering the case locally. 
('Dick White', 'I')  I told him that neither Dick White nor myself had any responsibility for the administration of Ham and that without reference to the files I could not give him first-hand knowledge of any standing orders there were about punish- ments. 
('Dick White', 'I')  Dick White, Vickery and I discussed the collation of Communist reports, with particular reference to the one being issued weekly by the C.R.O. 
('Dick White', 'I')  I said that if there were any points within our field which were troubling him, either Dick White or myself would be very ready to give him the background, if it were in our power to do 80. 
('Dick White', 'I')  I told him to discuss the matter with them and with Dick White. 
('Dick White', 'I')  Meanwhile I learned that Burt had approached Skardon, evidently rather hurt that the renewal of the suggestion that Jones Bhould lecture had not come to him through Dick White or myself. 
('Dick', 'Marriott')  I had a discussion with Dick, Horrocks, Mitchell, M.E., Marriott and Martin about our meeting with S.I.S. 
('Dick', 'Marriott')  I had a long talk with Dick, Martin, Marriott and M.E. 
('Dick', 'Marriott')  I got Dick and John Marriott in. 
('Dick', 'Marriott')  I discussed with Dick and John Marriott the case of Nilliam Norman EWER, Dick and I felt, and I think John agreed, that as it would be necessary to consult members of the Labour Party before taking any action, the matter was af very considerable delicacy and our action might be missunderstood. 
('Dick', 'Marriott')  Dick and Marriott both thought that in the circumstances it would be better to call the P.Q. 
('Dick', 'Marriott')  Skardon gave an account of his interview with FUCHS to the D.G., Dick, Marriott, Robertson and myself. 
('Dick', 'Marriott')  -------------- Dick and John Marriott discussed with me the repeated demands of the F.B.I. 
('Dick', 'Marriott')  -------------- Kim Philby came over and he, Dick, Roger, John Marriott, and I had A discussion about the F.B.I. 
('Dick', 'Marriott')  suddenly sacked Dick White and John Marriott. 
('Dick', 'Marriott')  After giving the Home Secretary a brief outline of our organisation, Dick White took him over and introduced him to Robertson, Marriott and Cumming. 
('Dick', 'Marriott')  Johnny then went on to see Dick, Marriott, Robertson and Roger Hollis. 
('Dick', 'Marriott')  I had a talk with Bevan, T. A. R., L. Hale, Lennox, Dick,Brooman-White and Harris and Marriott on the subject of co-ordinating misinformation. 
('Dick', 'Felix')  The idea that Felix should hold back anything from Dick or other senior members of this dept. 
('Dick', 'Felix')  I discussed with Dick the case of Bovril and we both agreed that we ought to make a stand on the question of running XX agents in this country and also on the unreasonable attitude taken up by Felix in this particular case. 
('Dick', 'Felix')  Dick took Felix to task on the subject of certain ISOS messages which are labelled ISBA. 
('Dick', 'Felix')  April 15th Dick saw Felix last night when he discussed the amalgamation plan. 
('Dick', 'Felix')  that Dick and I were about the only people in the office who had supported Felix for many months. 
('Dick', 'Felix')  Felix, ilarker, Dick and my self. 
('Dick', 'Felix')  while Felix and Dick were to be assistant directors. 
('Dick', 'Felix')  Dick tells me that Maltby and Felix had worked themselves into a frightful state on seeing on the Agenda that the secretary was to state the problem to the meeting. 
('Dick', 'Felix')  I have recommended that Section V. should come up to S.J., and that Viv and myself, Dick and Felix should form a Planning and Organising Committee with a right to operate in the whole field of C.E and that there should be an exchange of files between all sections on the understanding that they do not leave the custody of the department which owns them. 
('Dick', 'Felix')  and (b) that I, V.V., Felix and Dick should constitute a planning committee in the whole field of counter- espionage and (c) that files should be exchanged provided they did not technically leave the custody of either department. 
('Dick', 'Felix')  Felix, who has seen the D.G.s letter wants to see the reports by Dick, Gibbs and, Horrocks. 
('Dick', 'Felix')  had come into being, I said I thought that all the necessary powers would be conferred if they constituted himself, my self, Dick and Felix as A.C.E. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'UNDER SECTION')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS 26th November, ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS CT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'UNDER SECTION')  ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'UNDER SECTION')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'UNDER SECTION')  about the basis on which they are intending to compute theils93 Toppe ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'UNDER SECTION')  KV41474 S Form 960 POL F53-24-5811 / AV21 VOLUME 21 1952 Index THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3(4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'RECORDS')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS 26th November, ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS CT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'RECORDS')  ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'RECORDS')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'RECORDS')  about the basis on which they are intending to compute theils93 Toppe ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'RECORDS')  KV41474 S Form 960 POL F53-24-5811 / AV21 VOLUME 21 1952 Index THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3(4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS 26th November, ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS CT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  about the basis on which they are intending to compute theils93 Toppe ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  KV41474 S Form 960 POL F53-24-5811 / AV21 VOLUME 21 1952 Index THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3(4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS 26th November, ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS CT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  about the basis on which they are intending to compute theils93 Toppe ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  KV41474 S Form 960 POL F53-24-5811 / AV21 VOLUME 21 1952 Index THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3(4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS 26th November, ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS CT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  about the basis on which they are intending to compute theils93 Toppe ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  KV41474 S Form 960 POL F53-24-5811 / AV21 VOLUME 21 1952 Index THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3(4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'DOCUMENT RETAINED')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'DOCUMENT RETAINED')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'DOCUMENT RETAINED')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS 26th November, ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'DOCUMENT RETAINED')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS CT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'DOCUMENT RETAINED')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'DOCUMENT RETAINED')  ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'DOCUMENT RETAINED')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'DOCUMENT RETAINED')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'DOCUMENT RETAINED')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'DOCUMENT RETAINED')  about the basis on which they are intending to compute theils93 Toppe ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'DOCUMENT RETAINED')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'DOCUMENT RETAINED')  KV41474 S Form 960 POL F53-24-5811 / AV21 VOLUME 21 1952 Index THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3(4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('Charles', 'Dick')  It has been arranged that Charles and Dick Butler should see Finch of the Inland Revenue, who is accustomed to peculiar transactions of this kind, and will probably know what to do. 
('Charles', 'Dick')  I had a meeting with Charles, Horrocks, Dick, Ede, Clayton and Kellar to discuss administrative matters in connection with SIFE and SIME. 
('Charles', 'Dick')  We had a further meeting, Charles, Dick, Bertram and myself. 
('Charles', 'Dick')  He was in fact seen by Dick and also by Charles and told that his services would not be required after September. 
('Charles', 'Dick')  Charles, Dick, Ede, Kirby Green, Spencer and I discussed the question of Trinidad and the withdrawal of Tufnell-Barrett. 
('Charles', 'Dick')  I had a meeting with Charles, Dick, Alec and others in preparation for the subsequent one at the War Office on our military ceiling. 
('Charles', 'Dick')  We had a meeting with Charles, Dick, Horrocks and B.3.b. 
('Charles', 'Dick')  We had a meeting with the D.G., TAR, Dick and Charles Butler on the subject of agents. 
('Charles', 'Dick')  I had a meeting about the war Book with Charles, Dick, Roger and Hill. 
('Charles', 'Dick')  Dick, Roger, Charles and I all felt that this step was organisationally unsound and that if B.3 were manned and the B.3 sections properly staffed the D.G. 
('Charles', 'Dick')  Horrocks, Dick, Charles and I had a discussion to-day on the D.G's request about the Overseas Division. 
('Charles', 'Dick')  I had a discussion with Horrocks, Charles, Dick and Roger on overseas matters. 
('Bamford', 'Dick')  Had a meeting with Vivian, Cohen, Maltby, Dick and Paddy Bamford at Broadway on the subject of the future of Intelligence from India, After a good deal of talk it was agreed that we had to prepare for the worst; that Maltby should proceed straight away to try and recruit some suitable wireless operators, who. 
('Bamford', 'Dick')  80 Dick and I lunched with Vickery and Bamford, when we discussed the various eventualities which might arise if an Indian was appointed as Head of D.I.B. 
('Bamford', 'Dick')  111 We had a meeting about India, at which Vickery, Bamford, Vivian, Dick and myself were present. 
('Bamford', 'Dick')  Dick, Vickery, Bamford and I discussed my brief for Patel. 
('Bamford', 'Dick')  We had a meeting on India with Dick, Vickery, Bamford and Vivian. 
('Bamford', 'Dick')  Dick and I had a meeting with Vickery and Bamford about the future of I.P.I. 
('Bamford', 'Dick')  I saw Dick and Bamford on the subject of Jenkins letter to me published in the Pakistan Times. 
('Bamford', 'Dick')  I discussed with Dick and Paddy Bamford the question of an approech to Thakin Nu. 
('Bamford', 'Dick')  We had a meeting on India with Dick, Vickery, Bamford and Vivian. 
('Bamford', 'Dick')  Dick and I had a meeting with Vickery and Bamford about the future of I.P.I. 
('Bamford', 'Dick')  51 I saw Dick and Bamford on the subject of Jenkins letter to me published in the Pakistan Times. 
('Bamford', 'Dick')  I discussed with Dick and Paddy Bamford the question of an approach to Thakin Nu. 
('BURGESS', 'I')  BURGESS said that he could not possibly have said anything of the kind to the Princess de ROHAN or Mrs. OLIVER, as in fact he did not know until I told him that Mills [redacted]. 
('BURGESS', 'I')  From what he said, I do not think that BURGESS regarded the Princess de ROHAN as being wholly outside the family, in view of the fact that she had been in charge of Swiss affairs at the M. of I. during the war. 
('BURGESS', 'I')  When I talked to BURGESS about [redacted] incident, he said he remembered the discussion well: it had started by the Princess de ROHAN saying to him that she knew [redacted] to be mutual friend, what an excellent he was, and what splendid work he had done for the Allies during the war, and for her in particular. 
('BURGESS', 'I')  I then asked BURGESS what his next move was. 
('BURGESS', 'I')  I saw Mills to-day and asked him to give me a brief account of his association with Guy BURGESS, when the latter visited Gibraltar and Tangier in November last. 
('BURGESS', 'I')  -------------- I met Guy BURGESS last night. 
('BURGESS', 'I')  While there may be a good deal in what Wapler said, I had in mind (although I did not of course mention it) the case of the fairly high Foreign Office official controlling the Satellite desk, against whom the proposed action by the Surete had been suppressed on the orders of M. Pleven - the idea being that a French BURGESS and MACLEAN case would have an adverse effect upon the economic aid which the French Government were expecting from the United States. 
('BURGESS', 'I')  The Individual's name was BARRINGTON-SMITH, who did know BURGESS and MACLEAN but, I gather, not very well. 
('BURGESS', 'I')  I should say that he was probably completely line with BURGESS, with whom he was on very intimate terms. 
('BURGESS', 'I')  I think, however, it likely that, in view of his close association with BURGESS, he may well have been indiscreet in discussing matters going on in this office. 
('BURGESS', 'I')  It is also possible - although I am less sure about this - that he did knot in far greater detail exactly what BURGESS was up to. 
('BURGESS', 'I')  I drew Blunt's attention to the fact that towards the end of January and again in February, 1948, BURGESS had denounced REVAI, the inference being that, realising that BURGESS was very close to Hector McNeil, REVAI was trying to pump him for information. 
('Ambassador', 'I')  His first leak was I think Ambassador Phillips's report to Roosevelt on the situation in India, Incidentally a singularly ill-informed and stupid document. 
('Ambassador', 'I')  I did not think it was any use writing to Carew-Robinson or Prestige on a matter of this importance and since the FO and in particular our Ambassador in Washington had raised the matter in the first instance, we should try and get them to change their views. 
('Ambassador', 'I')  I gather that head of his counter-espionage section had been anxious to send another representative to this country was not in favour of this as there would be very little for him to do and the Ambassador Nassigli had vetoed the proposal on the grounds that he only wanted one Intelligence office on his staff. 
('Ambassador', 'I')  I saw Sir Ralph Stephenson, Ambassador to Cairo, in the D.G's absence, with Shaw. 
('Ambassador', 'I')  When returning from Ireland after my holiday, I took the opportunity of staying two days in Dublin and of making contact with the British Ambassador (Laithwaite) and the [redacted]. 
('Ambassador', 'I')  I asked the Ambassador whether anything had been said about routeing of communications through this country, as was done in the last war. 
('Ambassador', 'I')  I said that while it seemed to me there must be something behind the [missing]ry, the interpretation placed upon it by the Daily Worker could not possibly have any foundation, but I would try and get him the answer since his Ambassador had expressed interest and was rather chiding that with all his contacts he was unable to find out a simple little matter like that!. 
('Ambassador', 'I')  I asked the Ambassador whether he had any comments on what appeared to be a development over the last year, namely, attempts by Russians officials, both here and in Canada, to make contact with local officials among the Services. 
('Ambassador', 'I')  I explained the situation to Herschel Johnson who has spoken to the Ambassador. 
('Ambassador', 'I')  I had the impression that he or the Ambassador was apprehensive about the desire of this country to see things through. 
('Ambassador', 'I')  I said that I thought that Swinton should arrange with the Ambassador and the Security Co-Ordination (a) that these men should be vetted and (b) that the Americans should supply their own security officers, and (c) that these security officers should be placed in touch with Mainsell. 
('Ambassador', 'I')  I have just heard that Herschel Johnson, as american Ambassador in Sweden, has just arrived back from Stockholm and wants to see me. 
('RECORDS ACT', 'UNDER SECTION')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('RECORDS ACT', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('RECORDS ACT', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('RECORDS ACT', 'UNDER SECTION')  ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('RECORDS ACT', 'UNDER SECTION')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('RECORDS ACT', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('RECORDS ACT', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('RECORDS ACT', 'UNDER SECTION')  about the basis on which they are intending to compute theils93 Toppe ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('RECORDS ACT', 'UNDER SECTION')  IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('RECORDS ACT', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('RECORDS ACT', 'UNDER SECTION')  KV41474 S Form 960 POL F53-24-5811 / AV21 VOLUME 21 1952 Index THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3(4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('PUBLIC RECORDS', 'RECORDS ACT')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('PUBLIC RECORDS', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('PUBLIC RECORDS', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('PUBLIC RECORDS', 'RECORDS ACT')  ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('PUBLIC RECORDS', 'RECORDS ACT')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('PUBLIC RECORDS', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('PUBLIC RECORDS', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('PUBLIC RECORDS', 'RECORDS ACT')  about the basis on which they are intending to compute theils93 Toppe ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('PUBLIC RECORDS', 'RECORDS ACT')  IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('PUBLIC RECORDS', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('PUBLIC RECORDS', 'RECORDS ACT')  KV41474 S Form 960 POL F53-24-5811 / AV21 VOLUME 21 1952 Index THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3(4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('Kellar', 'SIME')  I had a meeting with Charles, Horrocks, Dick, Ede, Clayton and Kellar to discuss administrative matters in connection with SIFE and SIME. 
('Kellar', 'SIME')  I had a talk with Dick and Kellar about the future of SIME. 
('Kellar', 'SIME')  I said that I thought we had to go forward with the firm conviction that we had the best man we could possibly put into the job es the head of SIME in Alec Kellar, and that we should say so to the Comnander in Chief and hope that the proposal would be acceptable to him. 
('Kellar', 'SIME')  I told Kellar about the telegram I had received from the D.G., provisionally appointing Magan as head of SIME until a final decision could be made about Douglas Rober successor. 
('Kellar', 'SIME')  The point was that if Kellar was not wanted, he would be bound to feel that after four years hard work in the Middle Eastern section and in building up SIME, he was not considered fit to take it over; there could not really be very much future for him in this office. 
('Kellar', 'SIME')  I pointed out that SIME were denuded of their personnel and that one must expect a certain dislocation until Kellar had got well into his stride. 
('Kellar', 'SIME')  I explained to him that we had of course taken over SIME and that Kellar had been extremely busy. 
('Kellar', 'SIME')  Since Alex is likely to be on the sick list for some months, we felt that Magan would have to go as Head of SIME, Dick has complete powers to arrange what he can with the High Commissioner, Kellar suggested that either Dick or, strangely, Horrocks should take over during his absence. 
('Kellar', 'SIME')  Clearly I think Kellar does not want to revert to the former position of Magan at SIME, and this is in a way understandable. 
('Kellar', 'SIME')  I explained to him that we had of course taken over SIME and that Kellar had been extremely busy. 
('Kellar', 'SIME')  Clearly I think Kellar does not want to revert to the former position of Magan at SIME, and this is in a way understandable. 
('I', 'Wood')  Vickery came in to tell me that if any questions arose with Commissioner Wood about his organisation in Vancouver, I could say that it had now been liquidated. 
('I', 'Wood')  I told Wood that we could, of course, let him know what we did for the Post Office, but it was agreed that he had first better make his enquiries and then consult us. 
('I', 'Wood')  I got Wood to telephone to him. 
('I', 'Wood')  Stratton seemed to think that 200 men would be sufficient but in conversations that I had subse- quently with Wood he seemed to think that the job could not possibly be done efficiently with less than 300 men. 
('I', 'Wood')  I went to see Commissioner Wood at the R.C.M.P. 
('I', 'Wood')  I told Wood that Birkett had been a thorn in our side since the beginning of the war and had I known he was coming to Canada I would certainly have given him a warning, Wood got in a representative of the department of Justice who was apparently responsible for handling internment policy. 
('I', 'Wood')  Wood was I think a little perturbed by the visit of 'Guthrie and Stratton. 
('I', 'Wood')  June 10th I saw Wood again. 
('I', 'Wood')  I lunched with Wood and Anderson of the Dept. 
('I', 'Wood')  I had a final word w th Wood and also with Asst. 
('I', 'Wood')  I told Wood again that I was certain that his best insurance against penetra- tion was a development of the XX system and that he might well get the F.B.I. 
('I', 'Wilson')  Meanwhile a telegram is being sent to Maitland Wilson telling him that I am coming out and suggesting that I should explain the whole position to him and to Eisenhower. 
('I', 'Wilson')  It was arranged that I should go and see Field-Marshal Wilson and that if necessary he should take me to see Ike. 
('I', 'Wilson')  At 12 noon I saw F-M. Wilson and explained to him in some detail the success of the Normandy Deception plan. 
('I', 'Wilson')  I told him about my visit to America and particularly my conversation with Jumbo Wilson, I asked him whether he had read our report on the double-cross system, a copy of which had been left with de Guingand. 
('I', 'Wilson')  I explained to Wilson that in a general way we were interested in knowing about cases of this kind in case we were conducting other enquiries about leakages of information. 
('I', 'Wilson')  I spent a very enjoyable evening at a dinner organised by Ian Wilson Christopher Harmer and Bill Luke, at which a number of old war-time B. 
('I', 'Wilson')  I had a discussion with, J.C., Marriott and Wilson about Sweet William, who has been playing straight. 
('I', 'Wilson')  I saw Senter and Wilson about two S.O.E. 
('I', 'Wilson')  I also mentioned that I was still waiting for 10 days to know whether Wilson could go in connection with the Tricycle case which was of vital importance to us. 
('I', 'Wilson')  I an Wilson came to talk to me about his visit to USA. 
('I', 'Wilson')  I am Wilson did an extremely painstaking job and I am quite sure that had he not gone to the U.S.A. Tricycle would never have got away with it in Lisbon. 
('I', 'Whyte')  I seemed to recollect that we had some record of his man and therefore looked up the file, which I subsequently discussed with Mr. Whyte. 
('I', 'Whyte')  I had a talk with Jock Whyte about the JACKSON case. 
('I', 'Whyte')  I saw Jock Whyte this morning. 
('I', 'Whyte')  Apart from this I thought there was a certain disciplinary side to the whole question and that if some body did not tell Jock Whyte exactly where he got off he would be intolerable. 
('I', 'Whyte')  I told him that I had been a little worried by the fact that he seemed to regard the whole matter as a personal issue between myself and Jock Whyte. 
('I', 'Whyte')  I could see that he had made up his mind and I confined myself in the end to saying that if he wished me to retain Jock Whyte in the Division I would do my best to look after him but that I felt considerable anxiety in doing so. 
('I', 'Whyte')  I have passed the note to Jock Whyte for his comments. 
('I', 'Whyte')  August 10th I saw Jock Whyte and told him that we were proposing to have snap S/W checks on Post Restante addresses commencing with Aberdeen owing to the Swedish Air Line, and then possibly trying Liverpool. 
('I', 'Whyte')  I decided that Jock Whyte should continue his investigations into INTERAVIA and that Kembal Johnson should deal with the Sedish Air Lines perhaps rither more extensively th than he had done in the past. 
('I', 'Whyte')  I had a talk with Jock Whyte about pre-war spies. 
('I', 'Whyte')  I had a talk with Jock Whyte and arranged with him that Vesey should go to the RPS. 
('I', 'Wednesday')  I have drafted a note for the JIC meeting on Wednesday on the question or signals Security. 
('I', 'Wednesday')  -------------- I spoke to Horrocks and told him that I wanted a cockshy war plan for discussion on Wednesday, since I did not wish this matter to drag over the holidays. 
('I', 'Wednesday')  I forgot to mention that last Wednesday Val Boucher told me that representatives of the American First Army had arrived here entirely unheralded for a conference with War Office officials. 
('I', 'Wednesday')  last Wednesday when I was away in Paris. 
('I', 'Wednesday')  September 2nd I took the Wednesday meeting. 
('I', 'Wednesday')  I took the Wednesday meeting. 
('I', 'Wednesday')  I took the Wednesday meeting. 
('I', 'Wednesday')  893 October 28th I took the Wednesday meeting. 
('I', 'Wednesday')  November 4th I took the Wednesday meeting. 
('I', 'Wednesday')  I took the Wednesday meeting. 
('I', 'Wednesday')  November 18th I took the Wednesday meeting and had a discussion about searching at the RPS. 
('I', 'Vivian')  I had a long talk with Vivian about the possibility of Ede running security for the FO and SIS. 
('I', 'Vivian')  Dick and I went to a conference at Broadway attended by Sinclair, Vivian, [redacted] to discuss the future of CICB. 
('I', 'Vivian')  I had a meeting with Vickery, Bamford, Grogan and Vivian on the suggested abolition of censorship in the Far East. 
('I', 'Vivian')  Alley, Corin, Vivian and I lunched with the Dutch. 
('I', 'Vivian')  I shall discuss this with the DG before I have a talk with C. Dick Ellis whom I saw at the club thinks that I am going to encounter considerable opposition mainly due to Vivian who takes the view that if we have a representative there we shall cut out Dwyer. 
('I', 'Vivian')  I told them that I should be meeting Vivian and Bamford next week, when I should put similar views to them. 
('I', 'Vivian')  I subsequently telephoned Vivian who agreed with our views. 
('I', 'Vivian')  I subsequently telephoned Vivian who agreed with our views. 
('I', 'Vivian')  In the meantime, I have sent the documents to Vivian. 
('I', 'Vivian')  In my view it would become another little oyster box, and the case workers would be starved, and be forced to work without necessary background Moreover I do not see how he was going to get his views accepted within the organ- isation since he would only be covering half the world and would have over him Vivian with no direct access to me to the D.G. 
('I', 'Vivian')  While I had the greatest respect for Vivian and his work, I did feel that he was very inclined to listen to Felix and that owing to the difficulties that he had had with Dansey he had developed a system of over-canalising which preven- ted people from getting together about their problems. 
('I', 'Tangye')  I had lunch with Tangye who gave me his press report. 
('I', 'Tangye')  I do not think that Tangye would really mind if we ceased to employ him. 
('I', 'Tangye')  9th October 1946 I saw Norman Brook and gave him Tangye 's report. 
('I', 'Tangye')  I asked Hill whether he wanted to retain the Bervices of Tangye. 
('I', 'Tangye')  I told Tangye that the proper people to subpoena are the Home office. 
('I', 'Tangye')  I told Tangye that the proper people to subpoena are the Home office, 7th November. 
('I', 'Tangye')  I lunched with Derek Tangye, when I discussed with him the question of his car. 
('I', 'Tangye')  I told Tangye that the proper people to subpoena are the Home office, 7 th November. 
('I', 'Tangye')  I emphasised the necessity of keeping Tangye out of enquiries of this sort and Cussen agreed. 
('I', 'Tangye')  789 September 23rd Harker, M., Fulford, Tangye and I considered the case of Claud COCKBURN, who had approached Tangye and wanted him, Hyde, and Wilfred Roberts Mer, to form a small committee to assist C. [COCKBURN] in running The Week. 
('I', 'Tangye')  I had a talk with Max Knight about Tangye and his future relations with M. S. Knight agreed with me about Tangye and his organisation and said that he would be very pleased to co-operate with him. 
('I', 'Strong')  Horrocks, Adam, Byrde, Vesey, Strong and I discussed the vetting of American immigration. 
('I', 'Strong')  7th January I had a meeting with Harry Allen, Horrocks, Roger, Stanley Strong and Adam about the vetting of civil servants. 
('I', 'Strong')  I talked to Strong about his vetting, and subsequently spoke to Drew and explained to him the difficulties we were having with Johnson, the Establishment Officer, who refused to make contact with anybody and pass on names of people in J.I.B. 
('I', 'Strong')  I told him that Kenneth Strong was unable to give him any employment in J.I.B., but that if he were going to Malaya or Java he would be glad to establish local contact, since rubber was a subject in which his department was interested Viv rang me up to ask me whether I had been Jenkin's letter in the Pakistan Times, to which the answer is "I'll say"!! 
('I', 'Strong')  I think myself that General Strong is right, and that, although it might not apply in the case of the present Chairman, it would be dangerous to give too much power to the Chairman in the matter of telling otherddepartments in the intelligence field how they should run their affairs. 
('I', 'Strong')  I told him that Kenneth Strong was unable to give him any employment in J.I.B., but that if he were going to Malaya or Java he would be glad to establish local contact, since rubber was a subject in which his department was interested. 
('I', 'Strong')  I think myself that General Strong is right, and that, although it might not apply in the case of the present Chairman, it would be dangerous to give too much power to the Chairman in the matter of telling other departments in the intelligence field how they should run their affairs. 
('I', 'Strong')  I asked Strong to think this over. 
('I', 'Strong')  I explained to him that General Strong felt that he could not delay matters any longer. 
('I', 'Strong')  Strong thought that we should not be confident on the question or the 14,000 prisoners, and I mentioned that the Chinese had already, whatever the outcome, lost 'face' on this issue and were continuing to lose fact as long as the negotiations were protracted. 
('I', 'Strong')  The only strong opponent was Kenneth Strong, with whose arguments I felt in substantial agreement. 
('I', 'Spanish')  April 10th I understand that the Spanish Police have now arrested some 22 people in connection with the attempted sabotage of the blossom. 
('I', 'Spanish')  June 6th I heard in the office that there was evidence, obtained in Erinidad, that the Italians were using the Spanish diplomatic bag for communication with S. America. 
('I', 'Spanish')  I ascertained later that Serrano Suner's son is also employed at Montreal and that the Spanish Consul at Panama, Bernard, was to be reinforced by a new Spanish arrival from Madrid. 
('I', 'Spanish')  I asked them whether it would do any good if I spoke to External Affairs and impressed them with the dangers of the situation, since we knew perfectly well at home that all the Spanish Consuls were acting for the Germans and that any information which reached Madrid was handed over immediately to the Germans and Japanese. 
('I', 'Spanish')  I explained to him the Spanish situation and told him that I was proposing to see External Affairs. 
('I', 'Spanish')  After lunch I saw Stone of External Affairs and talked to him a good deal abou the Spanish situation, and he arranged for me to see Robertson, the Under Secretary of State on the following day. 
('I', 'Spanish')  I gave him all the information I could about the Spanish situation and impressed upon him its importance. 
('I', 'Spanish')  September 3rd I had a meeting with Stopford, Matthews and Joe Stephenson about the PAIR FISHIING Co. which employs Spanish fisherman and runs boats from Milford Haven which fish off the coast of Eire. 
('I', 'Spanish')  I believe that Chaman Lal does represent some Spanish paper but this would not account for the .moeny being remitted from Ankara. 
('I', 'Spanish')  As regards getting at leading journalists here I suggested that this could better be done through Embass- ies such as the Spanish and Turkish. 
('I', 'Spanish')  I thought tout for the purposes of deception, it would be well worth while acquiring a list of the principal contacts of the Spanish Ambassa- dor and M.A., and possibly also those of the Turkish and Swedish Embassies. 
('I', 'Secretariat')  He still holds the rank of a deputy director The only other job that I can think of is the Secretariat. 
('I', 'Secretariat')  I thought that there was a job to be done if all the JIC papers came into the Secretariat instead of going to D. Branch. 
('I', 'Secretariat')  I talked to Dick about D. Division and the Secretariat. 
('I', 'Secretariat')  I talked to pick about Curry's position and the Secretariat and we decided to rise the matter at the next staff meeting. 
('I', 'Secretariat')  I mentioned the question of the Secretariat and D. Division. 
('I', 'Secretariat')  I said that I thought the JIC Chiefs of Staff papers all ought to go to the Secretariat, that D.1, 2 and 3 should maintain liaison with the Service Depts. 
('I', 'Secretariat')  I saw Curry this morning and discussed with the Secretariat. 
('I', 'Secretariat')  I gave Horrocks copy of a note on the Secretariat and said I hoped this matter could be seriously discussed. 
('I', 'Secretariat')  I raised the question again of the Secretariat and D. Division and gave my views, also about a Police Section. 
('I', 'Secretariat')  Personally I think that a Secretariat, properly staffed, could perform a useful function - it would, however, be dependent upon all J.I.C. 
('I', 'Secretariat')  In discussing the D.G's staff, I said that I thought only the Secretariat should remain; S.L.B's functions in regard to leakage of information and arms traffic going to B. 
('I', 'Polish')  I told him that I was by no means clear who was responsible for Polish illicit wireless communications from this country. 
('I', 'Polish')  I said that as far as I could gather his people at Barnet did not seen to think that Polish wireless was really our concern. 
('I', 'Polish')  Maltby had, on what evidence I do not know, told them that the propaganda material was going out to the continent through the Polish bag. 
('I', 'Polish')  I saw no objection to this provided we were kept informed, and provided the activities of Polish army personnel did not so beyond ham-chat. 
('I', 'Polish')  I saw redacted who told me that it is impossible for him to get a job as long as he is still in the Polish Army. 
('I', 'Polish')  I asked [redacted] if he had seen the recent report on the PIAT and PESCATORI interrogations which give in considerable detail the low-down on the British, American, French, Polish, Dutch, Russian Czech, German, Italian and Swiss Secret Services, during the war. 
('I', 'Polish')  I then talked to him about the case of Joel CANG, the Polish journalist who represents the Times, Observer and Manchester Guardian in Poland. 
('I', 'Polish')  I said that I was quite sure that we ought to retain Polish, Czech, Hungarian, Roumanian and Bulgarian files after they have been reviewed. 
('I', 'Polish')  The Commissioner wanted to know whether we should tip off the word in the case of any undesir- ble Polish jews being given leave from any of the camps in thich they were situated, I said that I would go into this and let him know what we could do. 
('I', 'Polish')  I saw Newsam and also asked his approval for bringing over the Polish cipher clerk, from Paris. 
('I', 'Polish')  I said that provided there could be some guarantee that these people were bona fide officials of the Polish Govt. 
('I', 'Moyland')  Apparently Moyland was very keen that I should go with Alley and Corin and help to smooth over difficulties between Col. Eindhoven and van Angeren. 
('I', 'Moyland')  Meanwhile, she has been receiving quite a number of enquiries [missing] I wonder a little whether we ought not to tell van Moyland?. 
('I', 'Moyland')  Meanwhile, she has been receiving quite a number of enquiries I wonder a little wheter we ought not to tell van Moyland? 
('I', 'Moyland')  Meanwhile, she has been receiving quite a number of enquiries I wonder a little wheter we ought not to tell van Moyland? 
('I', 'Moyland')  5th January I lunched with van Moyland. 
('I', 'Moyland')  I lunched with Moyland. 
('I', 'Moyland')  Van Moyland asked me to come out and meet the Chief of the Dutch Rijkspolitie, but I am afraid I cannot remember his name. 
('I', 'Moyland')  I lunched with van Moyland. 
('I', 'Moyland')  I saw van Moyland and to-day. 
('I', 'Moyland')  -------------- I lunched with Van Moyland. 
('I', 'Moyland')  I lunched with Van Moyland. 
('I', 'Martin')  Kellar and I had a discussion with Martin and Mathieson of the Colonial Office on the draft of the Prime Minister's statement on Palestine. 
('I', 'Martin')  I had a discussion with Dick, Horrocks, Mitchell, M.E., Marriott and Martin about our meeting with S.I.S. 
('I', 'Martin')  I had a long talk with Dick, Martin, Marriott and M.E. 
('I', 'Martin')  I had a further meeting with Dick and Martin about the S.I.S. 
('I', 'Martin')  I had a further discussion with Marriott and Martin about the FUCHS case. 
('I', 'Martin')  I had a meeting with D.C., C.2, Martin and James Robertson about the FUCHS case, to try and clear our minds before high-level meeting to-morrow with Atomic Energy. 
('I', 'Martin')  I have asked Martin to do this. 
('I', 'Martin')  I attended a meeting at the Ministry of Supply, accompanied by Dick, Arthur Martin and Skardon. 
('I', 'Martin')  I spoke to Arthur Martin about the details disclosed in the SORGE report about KLAUSEN's code and wireless technique. 
('I', 'Martin')  After discussion with D.C. and Arthur Martin, I spoke to 'C about Martin giving details of the PEACH case to Jones (of G.C.H.Q.) 
('I', 'Martin')  I talked to Martin about the disposal of B.Js, since I understand that if they are not specially marked they are destroyed at the end of the year. 
('I', 'Mann')  I suggested to pick that Mann should look into the case although I doubt very much whether there is anything in it. 
('I', 'Mann')  I suggested to Dick that Mann should look into the case, although I doubt very much whether there is anything in it. 
('I', 'Mann')  I had a meeting with cuming and Mann about Operation HAPPY RETURN which involves a visit by the Russians who are returning battleship, two submarines and two destroyers lent to them during the war. 
('I', 'Mann')  Although no questions were asked at the beginning of the lectures, I gathered from Mann, tand also from other officers of the Glasgow Police, that they were appreciated. 
('I', 'Mann')  I finally suce ested that we might perhaps get Mann down to tide over the period of Perfect's leave. 
('I', 'Mann')  This would, I think, serve a useful purpose in getting Mann acquainted with the work going on among the Police in England. 
('I', 'Mann')  I talked to Mann about the alien problem and urged him to tell the Police that we were not only interested in Communist activities, but in the activities of aliens. 
('I', 'Mann')  I had a meeting with Perfect, Holmes, Bodaington and Mann. 
('I', 'Mann')  I asked Mann how things were going in Scotland in this respect. 
('I', 'Mann')  I saw Perfect and Mann about the Detective officers Conference which is to be held in Edinburgh on February 28th, I asked Mann to ascertain what subjects Edinburgh would like us to talk on. 
('I', 'Mann')  -------------- I held a meeting to-day with Hollis, Furnival-Jones, Perfect, Holmes, Oughton and Mann on the question of Police vetting. 
('I', 'Jane')  might think I had been stirring her up, I told him the sequence of events since he left for America After receipt of the D.G's letter Jane had written me a note asking for advice as to what she should do next. 
('I', 'Jane')  (iii) I think that Harker was to a large extent to blame; but for his incompetence the situation would never have arised, and he had, moreover, over a period of many years, encouraged frank criticism from Jane Archer. 
('I', 'Jane')  as he would only be returning on Tuesday, but that I would speak to him and then let Jane ARCHER know what she was to do. 
('I', 'Jane')  might think I had been stirring her up, I told him the sequence of events since he left for America After receipt of the D.G's letter Jane had written me a note asking for advice as to what she should do next. 
('I', 'Jane')  While I thought that technically Mrs. Archer had not got a leg to (iii) I think that Harker was to a large extent to blame; but for his incompetence the situation would never have arised and he had, moreover, over a period of many years, encouraged frank criticism from Jane Archer. 
('I', 'Jane')  as he would only be returning on Tuesday, but that I would speak to him and then let Jane ARCHER know what she was to do. 
('I', 'Jane')  While I thought that technically Mrs. Archer had not got a leg to 117 (iii) I think that Harker was to a large extent to blame; but for his incompetence the situation would never have arised and he had, moreover, over a period of many years, encouraged frank criticism from Jane Archer. 
('I', 'Jane')  I thought we might perhaps try and get a bit clearer on this point by talking to Jane Archer, who handled the matter. 
('I', 'Jane')  BROWN, I have suggested that Jane should see all the applications for employment in restricted occupations coming from the Reading area. 
('I', 'Jane')  I learned afterwards from Jane that he found the. 
('I', 'Jane')  tnt I thought the report which had been put up by Jane gave away too much about our relations with Dan and S I.S. 
('I', 'James Robertson')  I had a talk with Dick and James Robertson about the future of the Middle East section. 
('I', 'James Robertson')  I discussed with James Robertson the effect of the declaration of the Govt. 
('I', 'James Robertson')  Dick, Bertram, Clayton, Courtenay, James Robertson and I had a discussion on the liquidation of O.C. 
('I', 'James Robertson')  I spoke to James Robertson about sabotage in Palestine. 
('I', 'James Robertson')  I talked to James Robertson and to Stewart about the case of three ships in Plymouth, which it is thought are being purchased by some Greeks for the purpose of illegal immigration into Palestine. 
('I', 'James Robertson')  would take the line that tourist traffic to bring in dollars is of primary importance, I said a report should be asked for from Kirby-Greeny unless we had already had his views on the subject..... James Robertson referred to a telephone call received by F.M. 
('I', 'James Robertson')  I had a long talk with James Robertson about PINGAL. 
('I', 'James Robertson')  I went with James Robertson to see FINGAL and to discuss his case. 
('I', 'James Robertson')  I had a meeting with D.C., C.2, Martin and James Robertson about the FUCHS case, to try and clear our minds before high-level meeting to-morrow with Atomic Energy. 
('I', 'James Robertson')  I had a long talk with Dick and James Robertson about the PEACH case. 
('I', 'James Robertson')  I saw James Robertson, Simkins and Skardon and told them about my interview with BLUNT. 
('I', 'Jack')  I saw Sir Eric Speed about the case of Jack PARINE. 
('I', 'Jack')  I saw Sir Eric Speed about the case of Jack PARINE. 
('I', 'Jack')  I had a long talk with Jack Morton about iraq.A CThere is no doubt that he has got a very good organisation goingrandVED has the respect of everyone in the area. 
('I', 'Jack')  I had a talk with Jack Morton about his new job, which I am sure he will carry out with efficiency and success. 
('I', 'Jack')  Jack Easton and said they were sorry that I did not like the general tone of the document; they had, however, felt bound to introduce these points to show that they had been raised, otherwise they would undoubtedly have difficulties both with their Chief and with the Foreign office. 
('I', 'Jack')  I do not think that such instructions would be much use unless our Police Forces were in a position to tell foreign Police Forces that they should deal on Security Intelligence matters I suggested that we should send a wire to Dick to discuss this matter and Jack Morton. 
('I', 'Jack')  I might have added, as I learned from Jack Morton this morning, that in S.I.F.E. 
('I', 'Jack')  -------------- Jack Morton, whom I saw for a minute, is full of woes which are, in order of priority, as follows: (i) Housing and staff, and (ii) Colonial Police Forces and S.I.S. 
('I', 'Jack')  I had a long talk with Jack Morton, who is still very worried about the administration side of S.I.F.E. 
('I', 'Jack')  I had a word with Jack Easton about this, but after consultation with [redacted] he seemed to think that a questionnaire telegram to [redacted] would be sufficient. 
('I', 'Jack')  I had a long talk with Jack Morton who has returned today. 
('Herschel', 'I')  I spoke to Herschel Johnson and explained to him our difficul- ties. 
('Herschel', 'I')  We have agreed to let them go back on the Manhattan but I have asked Herschel Johnson to persuade the United States Lines to refrain from sending German crews to this country. 
('Herschel', 'I')  I have passed a report to Herschel Johnson which I received from S.I.S. 
('Herschel', 'I')  I saw Herschel Johnson about Claridges. 
('Herschel', 'I')  I explained the situation to Herschel Johnson who has spoken to the Ambassador. 
('Herschel', 'I')  July 16th At Herschel Johnson's request I lunched today with Klemmer of the American Embassy, who has been instructed by Joe Kennedy to produce a report on the 5th Column I gave him as general a picture as I could on the situation here. 
('Herschel', 'I')  I lunched with Herschel Johnson. 
('Herschel', 'I')  I went to a cocktail party which was a farewell to Herschel Johnson. 
('Herschel', 'I')  I had a talk with Borum and asked him to raise with Herschel two questions: firstly did the Embassy get any interesting reports on the situation on Ireland and if so, would it be possible to pass the information in the strictest confidence to ourselves? 
('Herschel', 'I')  I have just heard that Herschel Johnson, as american Ambassador in Sweden, has just arrived back from Stockholm and wants to see me. 
('Herschel', 'I')  I saw Herschel Johnson who is over here for a few days from Stockholm. 
('Europe', 'I')  Europe and Persia makes what I think is the first reference to Soviet naval policy and the basis of diplomatic action in the Mediterranean. 
('Europe', 'I')  KEITEL was fairly passive, while JODL, his Chief of Staff, was taking copious notes as if he were fighting a rearguard action in the Field, I doubt whether he has a clue as to what it is all about; he probably thinks that a gross injustice is being done to himself, a soldier, who has done nothing more than carry out his orders - how could he possibly do otherwise - even though it was clearly shown that under his instructions the Army had collaborated satisfactorily with the Einsatzkommando, which had been concerned with the liquidation of the Jews and others in Eastern Europe. 
('Europe', 'I')  25 16th October 1946 I spoke to Kim about the officer which the Palestine police want to send on a roving commission in Europe in connectio with illegal immigration. 
('Europe', 'I')  Win Scott brought Penrose and Rositzky of the C.I.G, to see me: they have been touring round Europe, Rositzky is clearly the brighter of the two,and I should think a fairly slick operator. 
('Europe', 'I')  Truman, I suppose, was anxious to make political capital out of the event and so bring the Americans to an even great consciousness of the importance of being on the alert and building up Europe. 
('Europe', 'I')  I said that in so far as the west and East Africa were concerned, there was no evidence of Communism as it was understood in Europe, there was no local Communist Party. 
('Europe', 'I')  In Europe there are, I think, come signs of improvement politically and militarily, although perhaps not economically. 
('Europe', 'I')  I said that I felt uneasy concerning the present situation, and the machinery which had been set up for the reception of aliens who might evacuate Europe in case of war. 
('Europe', 'I')  I told Brook that we had already investigated a Foreign Office complaint in 1947 and 1948; that broadcasts to Eastern Europe were not in cordance with Foreign Office policy. 
('Europe', 'I')  He is very anxious to get rid of the manager and to satisfy the Americans in any way he possibly can, I said I thought it would be best if he refrained from taking any action against the manager until Sumner Welles had left Europe. 
('Europe', 'I')  I said that the main trouble was the dearth of information about what was going on in Europe and the feeling among the Americans that we did not trust. 
('Ellis', 'I')  I shall discuss this with the DG before I have a talk with C. Dick Ellis whom I saw at the club thinks that I am going to encounter considerable opposition mainly due to Vivian who takes the view that if we have a representative there we shall cut out Dwyer. 
('Ellis', 'I')  I told him that I had discussed this matter with various authorities in the USA and also at length with Dick Ellis and Kim. 
('Ellis', 'I')  I discussed his future and arranged for him an appointment with Dick Ellis. 
('Ellis', 'I')  / I told Wilde to see Hollis, and if Hollis thought fit, to arrange for him to see Ellis and to discover exactly the basis of his fears. 
('Ellis', 'I')  Ellis apparently has not discussed this matter with Hyndley, but I gather from other sources that Hyndley is which of the same opinion. 
('Ellis', 'I')  I discussed his future and arranged for him an appointment with Dick Ellis. 
('Ellis', 'I')  / I told wilde to see Hollis, and if Hollis thought fit, to arrange for him to see Ellis and to discover exactly the basis of his fears. 
('Ellis', 'I')  Ellis apparently has not discussed this matter with Hyndley, but I gather from other sources that Hyndley is which of the same opinion. 
('Ellis', 'I')  Ellis then went to Donovan o wrote a letter to the I resident. 
('Ellis', 'I')  and I lunched with Dick Ellis. 
('Ellis', 'I')  I do not think he got on very well with Stratton or with Dick Ellis, who are departmentally quite different people. 
('Ds', 'I')  It was decided, therefore, that Ds of I. should tip off their opposite numbers when a J.I.C. 
('Ds', 'I')  He explained, for the benefit of the new Ds of I., exactly how the system worked during the war and how it might work in the future. 
('Ds', 'I')  The Ds, of I. had felt a little that something in the Intelligence world was being taken away from them. 
('Ds', 'I')  I suggested that Ulren might see some of the Ds. 
('Ds', 'I')  -------------- At the D.G meeting to-day I told them about a criticism of the purge system by the Ds of I., which is based on one or two cases of SIGINT personnel. 
('Ds', 'I')  We could not be a part to any joint criticism put up by the Ds of I., but if they did so the matter would automatically be referred back to us for comments. 
('Ds', 'I')  This, I said, was accepted by the Ds of I., but it was decided that as a preliminary step 'C' and I should see Bridges. 
('Ds', 'I')  We are not, of course, directly concerned, although we should benefit by any Russian or German intelligence coming from the British Zone; it is really a matter for the Ds of I. 
('Ds', 'I')  The Ds of I. still seemed to feel that some method should be devised, by legislation if necessary, to prevent British subjects or aliens with important defence knowledge from travelling at least without permission and, with a view to giving this matter further consideration before informing the Chiefs of Staff, they were anxious for a statement on the exact position in regard to the Home Secretary's existing powers. 
('Ds', 'I')  None of the Ds of I and I got no support from any other quarter. 
('Ds', 'I')  While I think they were a little disappointed with the result we all agreed that the matter would probably solve itself in the and through a clash between the Ds. 
('Dick', 'John')  Dick, Curry, John Noble and I gave a dinner to Sloane who is returning to Czechoslovakia. 
('Dick', 'John')  Cecil, Dick, John Gwyer and I discussed John's paper on Ireland to which we have made several amendments. 
('Dick', 'John')  Cecil, Dick, John Gwyer and I discussed John's paper on Ireland to which we have made several amendments. 
('Dick', 'John')  I got Dick and John Marriott in. 
('Dick', 'John')  I discussed with Dick and John Marriott the case of Nilliam Norman EWER, Dick and I felt, and I think John agreed, that as it would be necessary to consult members of the Labour Party before taking any action, the matter was af very considerable delicacy and our action might be missunderstood. 
('Dick', 'John')  I had a meeting with Dick, John Irvine, F.J. and Thomas on our brief for the S.I.C. 
('Dick', 'John')  [redacted] came over and I gave him the story about FUCHS, in the presence of Dick, John, James, Skardon, and Hill. 
('Dick', 'John')  -------------- Dick and John Marriott discussed with me the repeated demands of the F.B.I. 
('Dick', 'John')  I discussed with Dick, Roger and John Irvine the question of the latter's future as Secretary of the S.I.C. 
('Dick', 'John')  -------------- Kim Philby came over and he, Dick, Roger, John Marriott, and I had A discussion about the F.B.I. 
('Dick', 'John')  suddenly sacked Dick White and John Marriott. 
('Dept', 'I')  I said that the Dept. 
('Dept', 'I')  I gather that the State Dept. 
('Dept', 'I')  I telephoned to Sir Thomas Lloyd and, in his absence, spoke to Mr. Rogers, head of the East African Dept. 
('Dept', 'I')  Decisions are taken with regard to control of aliens without any reference to the Security Service, on whom the real responsibility rests I am going to try and get out some memorandum with a view perhaps to getting the Service Dept.s to weigh in and adjust the balance. 
('Dept', 'I')  I had a talk today with Shepherd of the Treaties Dept. 
('Dept', 'I')  I gather that these people have been trying to get into the Cypher Dept. 
('Dept', 'I')  June 5th I went with Rumbold of the Embassy to see Breckenridge Long of the State Dept. 
('Dept', 'I')  He said that I had arrived at a very appropriate moment since he and the Dept. 
('Dept', 'I')  I lunched with Wood and Anderson of the Dept. 
('Dept', 'I')  and I told him what I had arran- ged with the Navy Dept. 
('Dept', 'I')  I gather also that de COURCY has been talking about the Second Front and that he is in close contact with Kennedy of the Planning Dept. 
('David', 'I')  I had lunch with David Boyle, after which I went over his establishment, which struck me as being very efficiently run and probably as water-tight as he can make it. 
('David', 'I')  I had lunch with David Boyle, after which I went over his establishment, which struck me as being very efficiently run and probably as water-tight as he can make it. 
('David', 'I')  I spoke to Allan about one of David Boyle's employees in the Middle East who is returning to the post office. 
('David', 'I')  I had a meeting with Hayter about KRAVCHENKO, who David Vesey tells me is anxious to pay a visit to this country. 
('David', 'I')  I saw David Boyle, who is sending me a note about I then undertook to go and discuss the case with Birchall. 
('David', 'I')  I went to see Birchall about who had been employed by David Boyle in the Middle East. 
('David', 'I')  David Scherr tells me that we have had no such report, and I am trying to check up with S.I.S. 
('David', 'I')  25th July I saw David Stewart on his return from the Middle East on leave. 
('David', 'I')  I was talking to David Smith, of W.H. 
('David', 'I')  David Williams, the chief Development Engineer, whom I saw after his return, said that Stokes made a bad mistake on arrival by saying that he was only there for ten days; he ought to have said that he was there for ten years, even though the temperature registered 1200 in the shade! 
('David', 'I')  Probably the reference is to supplies of oil to the Germans, since I know through David Williams@, who is employed by the Anglo-Iranian Oil Company, that large sales to Germany were going on immediately prior to the outbreak of war. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'RECORDS ACT')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'RECORDS ACT')  ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'RECORDS ACT')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'RECORDS ACT')  about the basis on which they are intending to compute theils93 Toppe ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'RECORDS ACT')  IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('DEPARTMENT UNDER', 'RECORDS ACT')  KV41474 S Form 960 POL F53-24-5811 / AV21 VOLUME 21 1952 Index THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3(4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('Chinese', 'Korea')  He said that it had occurred to him that Moscow's action in instructing the Chinese Communist Party to come out against the American occupation might be associated with the recent action in Korea. 
('Chinese', 'Korea')  to-day, the view was expressed that the Chinese were still not out for a major war, in spite of the presence of Chinese troops in Northern Korea. 
('Chinese', 'Korea')  It is estimated that there are now about 90,000 Chinese troops in Korea. 
('Chinese', 'Korea')  We had to accept the view that Chinese and Russian activities were co-ordinated: that the Chinese had been building up for this offensive for some time; that although they had obviously accepted the risk of a major war and had taken considerable preventive action by air raid precautions, etc., in Mukden and Peking, it seemed doubtful whether they wished, or whether the Russians would like them to have as their objective the clearance of the whole of Korea of U.N. 
('Chinese', 'Korea')  If we allow the Koreans to construct aerodromes in North Korea, we shall lose air superiority, which has enabled us to deal with the preponderance of Chinese and North Korean land forces. 
('Chinese', 'Korea')  Apart from this, the cessation of hostilities in Korea is almost certain to lead to Chinese activity elsewhere, particularly in Indo-China, Burma, Malaya, and possibly Hong Kong. 
('Chinese', 'Korea')  If, therefore, we have got to right the Chinese, we may as well fight them in Korea as anywhere else. 
('Chinese', 'Korea')  Forces, due to the fact that the Chinese would then be allowed to construct aerodromes in North Korea. 
('Chinese', 'Korea')  D.M.I., however, draw attention to the determined nature of the attacks in Korea and thought that if they were gone into they might provide some indication of Chinese and Russian intentions. 
('Chinese', 'Korea')  It seemed to me that whatever Chinese and Russian intentions may have been, they are now thrown back into the melting pot by Eisenhower's decision to visit Korea. 
('Chinese', 'Korea')  We also discussed the paper on Korea, when I managed to get a paragraph introduced about the possible deadlock being due to a desire by the Russians and Chinese to see what came out of General Eisenhower's visit. 
('Chair', 'I')  I attended a meeting at the War office with General Browning, the Military Secretary, in the Chair. 
('Chair', 'I')  of I and myself were on the platform with Air Marshal Slessor in the Chair. 
('Chair', 'I')  Hill and I went over to a meeting at the Ministry of Supply with Sir Harold Parker in the Chair. 
('Chair', 'I')  I have got a telegram in from the D.G., in which he says that it has been agreed that the Committee in Hong Kong on Intelligence matters has now been constituted on a formal basis with the Colonial Secretary in the Chair. 
('Chair', 'I')  -------------- At the D.G's meeting to-day, at which I took the Chair, Dick said we had been asked by I.R.D. 
('Chair', 'I')  -------------- I attended an extremely dreary meeting of the Jebb Committee with Warner in the Chair, when we discussed the J.I.C. 
('Chair', 'I')  I attended a further meeting of the Jebb Committee, with Warner in the Chair, when we discussed affairs in the Middle East and the possibility of assisting Middle Eastern countries to improve their security forces. 
('Chair', 'I')  Hill would proceed by having a Royal Commission, with Goddard in the Chair, although he was not too sanguine when I asked him what sort of case he thought the office could present. 
('Chair', 'I')  I spoke to him about the local Intelligence Committee, and the proposal that our officer should take the Chair. 
('Chair', 'I')  I explained that while normally we preferred not to do this, we had agreed in the case of Gibraltar, where the circumstances appear to be exceptional, that it we were not in the Chair there was a risk of duplication of the D.S.O's work. 
('Chair', 'I')  I attended the Brook Corraittee meeting to-day, on which sir Harold Parker, Sir Robert Gould, Baker, Nicholis and Peck were present, Brook being in the Chair. 
('Centre', 'I')  I asked whether it'were not possible to send out people who would just teach their subject and not engage in politics either at the Right, Left or Centre. 
('Centre', 'I')  -------------- I had a talk with Shaw about the Interrogation Centre in Hong Kong. 
('Centre', 'I')  I said that I entirely agreed with the War Office point of view, that to set up an Interrogation Centre at a time of crisis would be a hopeless task, as it could not possibly get on its legs for six months. 
('Centre', 'I')  I thought that if the Colony had the right to refuse entry it would surely have the right to say that those coming in must pass through an Interrogation Centre. 
('Centre', 'I')  In talking to Cresswell afterwards, I was satisfied that he realised the importance of getting the Interrogation Centre going at the earliest possible moment, I gathered, too, that we are likely to refuse the Chinese the right to establish Consulates in Malaya. 
('Centre', 'I')  I raised the question of principle as to whether or not war-time establishments such as London Reception Centre and Camp 020 should be placed in charge of an existing member of the staff, or someboyd* imported for the purpose. 
('Centre', 'I')  I said that I was rather worried about the refusal of Kenya to accept an expert to set up the Interrogation Centre, as I had in mind the many mistakes that had been made in Malaya. 
('Centre', 'I')  While it is of course necessary for us as a department to proceed on the assumption that the Germans have made careful preparations for sabotage etc., I am very much inclined to doubt whether they have the organisation here that our friends of the Intelligence Centre are looking for. 
('Centre', 'I')  I asked him how it was that he had come on to the Centre, He said that it was through Herbert and possibly through Joe Ball. 
('Centre', 'I')  I had a meetig with Toby, Adam, Lick, Abbott, Albert and Orr, on the subject of a Reception Centre for British subjects arriving from abroad. 
('Centre', 'I')  I saw a man called Jones wno is a candidat for the post of enterrogator at the Reception Centre in London for British subjects. 
('Australia', 'I')  I said that if the Ministry of Supply policed an area in Australia we could give them advice on their internal security measures and that the responsibility outside would have to rest with the local security authorities. 
('Australia', 'I')  I raised the question of Australia, and it was more or less agreed that after 'exploring the ground, an approach should be made suggesting that we establish a liaison officer in Australia, Macdonald, who is returning from the Caribbean will go to B.3.a. 
('Australia', 'I')  I raised the question of Australia, and it was more or less agreed that after 'exploring the ground, an approach should be made suggesting that we establish a liaison officer in Australia. 
('Australia', 'I')  I raised the question of Australia, and it was more or less agreed that after exploring the ground, an approach should be made suggesting that we establish a liaison officer in Australia. 
('Australia', 'I')  I told Travis that my experience in dealing with the case in Australia had shown that unless an officer on the spot could see the actual documents he was at a very great disadvantage. 
('Australia', 'I')  I saw Archer and gave him the latest information from Australia. 
('Australia', 'I')  I saw the D.G., who returned yesterday, and told him about Australia and the Washington case. 
('Australia', 'I')  I drew Gardiney's attention to the fact that the Planners' brief for Australia had no reference to security, and suggested that we might put in a note. 
('Australia', 'I')  in Australia and South Africa and he asked me if I could procure for him copies of the Government Acts. 
('Australia', 'I')  I said I thought Newsam's wish to see these Bills might probably be due to the fact that he thought the same question might arise in this country sooner or later, and he would like to study what they had done in Australia and South Africa beforehand. 
('Australia', 'I')  -------------- I had a long talk with Courtenay, who has returned for a few weeks from Australia. 
('Arthur', 'I')  Roger and I went to see Sir Arthur Street of the Coal Board. 
('Arthur', 'I')  Roger and I went to see Sir Arthur Street of the Coal Board. 
('Arthur', 'I')  I attended a meeting at the Ministry of Supply, accompanied by Dick, Arthur Martin and Skardon. 
('Arthur', 'I')  I spoke to Arthur Martin about the details disclosed in the SORGE report about KLAUSEN's code and wireless technique. 
('Arthur', 'I')  After discussion with D.C. and Arthur Martin, I spoke to 'C about Martin giving details of the PEACH case to Jones (of G.C.H.Q.) 
('Arthur', 'I')  He paints a deplorable picture of laxity and inefficiency, which is more or less confirmed by a talk which I have had with Arthur Pollen. 
('Arthur', 'I')  From what I hear from Arthur Pollen, the Treasury's charity might well begin at home. 
('Arthur', 'I')  I saw Arthur Pollen in the evening. 
('Arthur', 'I')  I had a long talk with Arthur last night. 
('Arthur', 'I')  I said that I thought the discussion might be some somewhat academic since Arthur Thurston of the F.B.I. 
('Arthur', 'I')  I stw Arthur Thurston the F.B.I. 
('Agency', 'I')  I mentioned to the DG the case of Crossman who had now come very much to the fore in connection with the Agency out of whom he had successfully extracted a copy of our military orders for the liquidation of the Hagana when the Agency alleged that they had got from the captured officer. 
('Agency', 'I')  I then talked about Palestine and the attitude of Ben GURION, who was anxious to make the 75 attendance of the Agency at the coming conference conditional upon the discussions being limited to: (a) a return to the pre-White Paper situation and the British mandate with limited immigration, or (b) partition, with a viable territory for the jews. 
('Agency', 'I')  I then told the Prime Minister about KOLLEK and explained to him how we had had previous relations with this man in Palestine, and that we were in touch with Agency representatives both in Palestine and in Cairo. 
('Agency', 'I')  Quill raised a point at to-day meeting of the Deputies of the J.I.C.as to what sources of intelligence would be available [missing] I said that we had some sort of a liaison with the Agency and that it might be that this could be continued if it were thought desirable. 
('Agency', 'I')  We might, I think, be able to stay in liaison with the Agency. 
('Agency', 'I')  I mentioned the fact that we were in liaison with the Agency, and that if it were thought desirable, we might continue it in a purely overt capacity. 
('Agency', 'I')  as to what sources of intelligence would be available when we left Palestine I said that we had some sort of a liaison with the Agency and that it might be that this could be continued if it were thought desirable. 
('Agency', 'I')  We might, I think, be able to stay in liaison with the Agency. 
('Agency', 'I')  mulai mental I mentioned the fact that we were in liaison with the Agency, and that if it were thought desirable, we might continue it in a purely overt capacity. 
('Agency', 'I')  I said that we had some sort of a liaison with the Agency and that it might be that this could be continued if it were thought desirable. 
('Agency', 'I')  I said that as far as I knew there was no very close personal contact, This was, of course, possible, since De COURCY's Digest was widely distributed in the United States where he had an Agency. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'RECORDS ACT')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'RECORDS ACT')  ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'RECORDS ACT')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'RECORDS ACT')  about the basis on which they are intending to compute theils93 Toppe ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('ORIGINAL DOCUMENT', 'RECORDS ACT')  KV41474 S Form 960 POL F53-24-5811 / AV21 VOLUME 21 1952 Index THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3(4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('Norway', 'Sweden')  Rineanna is rapidly becoming very important traffic centre with lines to Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Holland, Portugal etc. 
('Norway', 'Sweden')  Norway and Denmark have come into the Atlantic Pact and Sweden is as close to the other Scandinavian countries as she dares she also has fairly close unofficial liaison with this country. 
('Norway', 'Sweden')  Special material indicates that according to Gripenberg the Finnish Minister, HMG has advised Norway and Sweden to assist Finland directly and indirectly and promised that if they get into difficulties discussions as to assistance will take place. 
('Norway', 'Sweden')  Ribbentrop is working for quick isolation - political and military - of Sweden and for the detachment of Norway. 
('Norway', 'Sweden')  Speaking to Scandinavian journalists in confidence on Feb. 2nd Winston said that Norway and Sweden must give every possible assistance to Finland and that if Germany attacked them they could rely on England. 
('Norway', 'Sweden')  Norway and Sweden seem to have a tacit understanding about volunteers to Finland but they want things to be done quietly since if there is publicity it may be as detrimental to our case as to theirs. 
('Norway', 'Sweden')  Special material of the 27th February shows that the Finns have made a request to the French for assistance depending on a through passage being given by Norway and Sweden. 
('Norway', 'Sweden')  At 9.15 p.m. on the 3rd March the Swedish and Norwegian Ministers learned that a formal request had been made on the 2nd March that the British and French should be allowed to march through Norway and Sweden. 
('Norway', 'Sweden')  Gripenberg had the impression that our forces of 12,000 men were to go through regardless of the views of either Norway or Sweden. 
('Norway', 'Sweden')  to approach Norway and Sweden regarding the passage of troops. 
('Iraq', 'Morton')  We propose to send him as an assistant to Morton in Iraq. 
('Iraq', 'Morton')  It was agreed that Morton should delay his return to Iraq until we had had an opportunity of discussing his position with Magan, who is returning here on the [missing]th November. 
('Iraq', 'Morton')  Provisionally we thought that Morton should see Medhurst on his way back, explain to him his difficulties with the Air Force in Iraq and try and enlist Medhurst's support. 
('Iraq', 'Morton')  Morton is, I think, pleased with his visit and feels confident that if given the chance he could do valuable work in Iraq. 
('Iraq', 'Morton')  It was agreed that Morton should delay his return to Iraq until we had had an opportunity of discussing his position with Magan, who is returning here on the 6th November. 
('Iraq', 'Morton')  Provisionally we thought that Morton should see Medhurst on his way back, explain to him his difficulties with the Air Force in Iraq and try and enlist Medhurst's support. 
('Iraq', 'Morton')  Morton is, I think, pleased with his visit and feels confident that if given the chance he could do valuable work in Iraq. 
('Iraq', 'Morton')  It was agreed that Morton should delay his return to Iraq until we had had an opportunity of discussing his position with Magan, who is returning here on the ?th November. 
('Iraq', 'Morton')  Provisionally we thought that Morton should see Medhurst on his way back, explain to him his difficulties with the Air Force in Iraq and try and enlist Medhurst's support. 
('Iraq', 'Morton')  Morton is, I think, pleased with his visit and feels confident that if given the chance he could do valuable work in Iraq. 
('I', 'Young')  I talked to Courtenay Young about [redacted] that the Chinese are anxious to obtain information about our Intelligence Service and other matters. 
('I', 'Young')  I discussed with Courtenay Young the Malayan Security Service, which seemed to me to be getting rather across our tracks. 
('I', 'Young')  Courtenay Young, I gather, is rather in despair at the inadequacy of his investigatory tools. 
('I', 'Young')  Moreover, I foresee certain difficulties for Courtenay Young when he takes over S.I.F.E. 
('I', 'Young')  Young then said "If you can give me a list of the people, I will have them arrested tomorrow". 
('I', 'Young')  I had a talk today with Kellar about George KNUPFER and the Young Russia organ- isation known as Mladoross. 
('I', 'Young')  While I was at lunch I saw Courtney Young sitting with a Japanese half-caste whom I suspected to be Donald. 
('I', 'Young')  March 13th I had a talk with courtney Young about the possibility of testing DONALD out by putting him in touch with MATSUMOTO at the Oratory Schools and miking the conversa- tion. 
('I', 'Young')  550 I had a discussion with Dick and Courtney Young about making use of YAMADA to find out more about Donald. 
('I', 'Young')  Wren has in his section Gavin Young, a Canadian who is more or less new to the game, Ronnie Sinclaie, Mrs. Silverston (Sylvanus Vivian's daughter), Mrs. Montague, the wife of Ewen Montague of N.I.D., and one other lady whose name I forget. 
('I', 'Walter')  I saw Colonel Walter who is the new D.M.I. 
('I', 'Walter')  Hanslope I am told has gone over entirely to SIS business and RSS is shortly to be handed over to Army "Y", under Walter Scott. 
('I', 'Walter')  I saw Walter Belll, who is leaving for Nairobi, I have sent a personal letter about him to Baskerbyle-Giegg, urging that he should be given as much scope as possible. 
('I', 'Walter')  -------------- I had a short talk with Walter Bell. 
('I', 'Walter')  I talked to Walter Bell about his visit to Aden and Somaliland. 
('I', 'Walter')  I have had a somewhat belly-aching letter from Walter Bell, who feels somewhat frustrated in Delhi. 
('I', 'Walter')  KRULTSKY I spent 3 hours with Walter THOMAS (KRIVITSKY) and found him most interesting. 
('I', 'Walter')  I had an interview with Walter THOMAS this evening. 
('I', 'Walter')  Von TRESCHKOW is being allowed to appeal, I gather at the request of Walter Monkton. 
('I', 'Walter')  As long as the Americans did not undertake their own enquiries particularly where civilians there, ought not to be any I took Walter over to see "C". 
('I', 'Vice')  In the afternoon I saw Vice-Admiral Souers. 
('I', 'Vice')  I saw Air Vice Marshal Baker about allowing Shotter to wear uniform in the Middle East, and also to take promotion. 
('I', 'Vice')  I saw Air Vice Marshal Elmhirst, and Pendred, the new A.C.A.S.I., in relation to a proposal that a scientific Advisory Panel should be set up for consultation by the Services as and when necessary. 
('I', 'Vice')  I saw the Vice Chiefs of Staff at 11 o'clock on the difficulties with the Americans about placing a contract for V.T. 
('I', 'Vice')  I attended a meeting of the Vice-Chiefs of Staff to-day, when a telegram from America regarding an objection by the Americans to Philips Radio subsidiary companies being employed on the manufecture of V.T. 
('I', 'Vice')  I attended a meeting of the Vice Chiefs of Staff to-day, when the Mullards question was discussed. 
('I', 'Vice')  I attended a meeting of the Vice Chiefs of Staff to-day, when I covered most of the ground in our paper on sabotage. 
('I', 'Vice')  I attended the Vice Chiefs' meeting to discuss the organisation of security in the Western Zone by the German authorities. 
('I', 'Vice')  I told him about the meeting th the Vice Chiefs of Staff, and their request that the whole matter should be considered by J.I.C. 
('I', 'Vice')  to-day I spoke to Air Vice Marshal Freseanges about I said that there were two things which seemed to us important:. 
('I', 'Times')  I then talked to him about the case of Joel CANG, the Polish journalist who represents the Times, Observer and Manchester Guardian in Poland. 
('I', 'Times')  I told him that the report had been dealt with by The Times, Weekly Review, The Sunday Dispatch and a special weekly called Tidings by 22 Douglas Reed. 
('I', 'Times')  I saw Dick and Bamford on the subject of Jenkins letter to me published in the Pakistan Times. 
('I', 'Times')  I told him that Kenneth Strong was unable to give him any employment in J.I.B., but that if he were going to Malaya or Java he would be glad to establish local contact, since rubber was a subject in which his department was interested Viv rang me up to ask me whether I had been Jenkin's letter in the Pakistan Times, to which the answer is "I'll say"!! 
('I', 'Times')  I discussed with Vickery the last letter I have had from Bourne about the incident of the Pakistan Times. 
('I', 'Times')  15th October I discussed the Sunday Times leakage case with Hill. 
('I', 'Times')  51 I saw Dick and Bamford on the subject of Jenkins letter to me published in the Pakistan Times. 
('I', 'Times')  Viv rang me up to ask me whether I had seen Jenkin's letter in the Pakistan Times, to which the answer is "I'll say"!! 
('I', 'Times')  I discussed with Vickery the last letter I have had from Bourne about the incident of the Pakistan Times. 
('I', 'Times')  84 15th October I discussed the Sunday Times leakage case with Hill. 
('I', 'Thistle')  I thought that this avenue was worth exploring and had given instructions to Thistle to look into this aspect of the problem when he visited Palestine in the course of the next few days. 
('I', 'Thistle')  I had a talk with Thistle about Palestine. 
('I', 'Thistle')  Thistle and Ffoulkes dia much to restore the morale and efficiency of the office, the reputation of which locally is not very high, but I think we can rely on 148 Magan to put this right. 
('I', 'Thistle')  I thought that the only way in which we could put this right would be in a telegram to Thistle, which I should be quite prepared to submit to him for his approval. 
('I', 'Thistle')  I told him that we had had a reply from Thistle, saying that the information had been passed both to the State Department and the Navy Department in the flat terms that MILNER was a Russian espionage agent. 
('I', 'Thistle')  I discussed with Perfect and Thistle operation "Lancashire Hotpot". 
('I', 'Thistle')  I told Thistle he had better work the matter out with Malcolm Cumming. 
('I', 'Thistle')  -------------- I had a meeting with D.B., B.1., Thistle and [redacted]. 
('I', 'Thistle')  I learned off the record from Thistle, who has seen something of Bob Lamphere, that my estimate of Hoover is not very wide of the mark. 
('I', 'Thistle')  Thistle had interrogated the man on the frontier during the way, and at the conclusion of the interview the agent had made the typical Persian remark: "I swear on the Koran that eighty percent of what I am telling you is true"! 
('I', 'Ronnie')  He would prefer to remain with the Control Commission and I gather that Ronnie Haylor is anxious to keep him. 
('I', 'Ronnie')  If however he wrote us a letter I would pass it on to Ronnie Haylor. 
('I', 'Ronnie')  Ronnie will give Brian Melland another dig and if I let him have particulars about the mother he will see what can be done. 
('I', 'Ronnie')  I have written to Ronnie saying that they really ought to give C. a job with the police without his being forced to go through the ranks. 
('I', 'Ronnie')  Ronnie, whom I have seen, is going once more to stoke up Brian Melland about Robbi Mendelssohn. 
('I', 'Ronnie')  , 'Vickery, Ronnie Howe and I had lunch with Sanjevi at the Savoy. 
('I', 'Ronnie')  -------------- I attended Ronnie Hove's celebration dinner given by Wing Commander Hulbert. 
('I', 'Ronnie')  -------------- Ronnie Howe and I went to see Sir John Anderson, now Chairman of P.L.A. 
('I', 'Ronnie')  I went to see Ronnie Howe and Burt, after receiving a message from Keith Randell in Germany about a Dr. MEYER of the Ministry of the Interior in Rhine Westphalia; who was visiting the Yard with officials from the other Laender. 
('I', 'Ronnie')  Wren has in his section Gavin Young, a Canadian who is more or less new to the game, Ronnie Sinclaie, Mrs. Silverston (Sylvanus Vivian's daughter), Mrs. Montague, the wife of Ewen Montague of N.I.D., and one other lady whose name I forget. 
('I', 'President')  I saw the Lord President at his request. 
('I', 'President')  I told the Lord President that in our view it would be a mistake to confront ZUCKERMAN with the evidence at 26a, as such a course might make us all look rather foolish. 
('I', 'President')  It was left that if we had anything further to say within the next fortnight I would let the Lord President know, failing which ZUCKERMAN would be confirmed in his appointment. 
('I', 'President')  I saw the Lord President at the House of Commons about one, who wants to be employed in the Central office of Information. 
('I', 'President')  I suggested that he should talk to the President of the Legion on these lines. 
('I', 'President')  The boy replied: "Well you see, if I could kick President Truman, either President Truman would have to be here or I should have to be in America."! 
('I', 'President')  They registered their protest which I gather reached the Lord President of the Council in the afternoon, A compromise was reached by which consular staff's were to be allowed to telephone but were to be kept under observation both as regards their conversation and their movements. 
('I', 'President')  I said that either the P.M. had intimated to the President that he was going to Moscow or the conversa- tion would not have taken place. 
('I', 'President')  I said that the President knew no more about ISOS than the Archbishop of Canterbury and that some- body ought to tell him that he too was bury- ing his head in the sand. 
('I', 'President')  I am told that Winston in discussing Torch with the President by cable, replied to the suggestion that the Americans should land first in N. Africa and be followed by the British in order not to wound the susceptibilities of the French, con- cluding his telegram by saying that though his experience in these matters was limited he had never before associated seduction with rape. 
('I', 'Norman Brook')  I said that I should be seeing Norman Brook and 13. considering the whole position. 
('I', 'Norman Brook')  9th October 1946 I saw Norman Brook and gave him Tangye 's report. 
('I', 'Norman Brook')  17th January H111 and I went to see the Lord Chancellor; Norman Brook and Drew were present. 
('I', 'Norman Brook')  I said that the 124 Foreign Office had a long established Press Department, and Norman Brook added that they appointed. 
('I', 'Norman Brook')  I saw Sir Norman Brook. 
('I', 'Norman Brook')  It was agreed that each Division would prepare a memorandum on its aims and objects for the Norman Brook enquiry, and that I should brief the D.c. for Brook's visit when terms of reference are to be discussed. 
('I', 'Norman Brook')  I said that Norman Brook had of course been over here and seen a number of our officers when making his enquiry into the whole organisation. 
('I', 'Norman Brook')  I should take the matter up pretty forcibly with Norman Brook. 
('I', 'Norman Brook')  I went over to see Norman Brook about the B.B.C. 
('I', 'Norman Brook')  I mentioned this to B. who has spoken to Norman Brook. 
('I', 'Lisbon')  I said that we had not heard of any such case in this country but we had reason to think that the use of cafes as rendezvous in S. American ports and in Lisbon was going on. 
('I', 'Lisbon')  Medlam says that his correspondence comes by the direct route whereas as far as I can see we never know whether ours po by direct route or via Lisbon or Madrid. 
('I', 'Lisbon')  Whatever was the outcome of this case, I said that I did not understand how Telix was able to come and tell me that he did not get the conditions he wanted he could not agree to the agent coming to this country, even though he knew that if he remained in Lisbon he would certain- ly be blown. 
('I', 'Lisbon')  R. and I saw A. H. Robertson in connec- tion with the trouble that arose about him and his wife in Lisbon. 
('I', 'Lisbon')  He showed me his office and in the afternoon I went down to the airport to watch the examination of the passengers coming in on the Lisbon plane. 
('I', 'Lisbon')  I asked Tricycle about his visit to Lisbon. 
('I', 'Lisbon')  Personally I think might be some sense in this but quite definitely the section should be in B. and not E. The problem is a counter- espionage one and both north and south America are linked wit Lisbon. 
('I', 'Lisbon')  He was contacted in Lisbon by the Germans at some cafe and got into the hands of prostitutes who were obviously being paid by the German I.S. 
('I', 'Lisbon')  The Second Officer on the Irish s. s. "Kyle ulare" has been reporting to the German I.S in Lisbon on vonvoys. 
('I', 'Lisbon')  I am Wilson did an extremely painstaking job and I am quite sure that had he not gone to the U.S.A. Tricycle would never have got away with it in Lisbon. 
('I', 'Kenneth')  I told him that Kenneth Strong was unable to give him any employment in J.I.B., but that if he were going to Malaya or Java he would be glad to establish local contact, since rubber was a subject in which his department was interested Viv rang me up to ask me whether I had been Jenkin's letter in the Pakistan Times, to which the answer is "I'll say"!! 
('I', 'Kenneth')  I told him that Kenneth Strong was unable to give him any employment in J.I.B., but that if he were going to Malaya or Java he would be glad to establish local contact, since rubber was a subject in which his department was interested. 
('I', 'Kenneth')  The only strong opponent was Kenneth Strong, with whose arguments I felt in substantial agreement. 
('I', 'Kenneth')  I saw Johnston today, who is a candidate for employment here and a friend of Kenneth Younger. 
('I', 'Kenneth')  The only other person I can think of is Kenneth who would do it well but as usual his youthful appearance would be against him. 
('I', 'Kenneth')  I had a discussion with Theo and Kenneth about B. 
('I', 'Kenneth')  He provided an answer to the memo whicly Inhad given him and I dictated a reply to Kenneth which was sent off immediately, suggesting certain amendments in the present proce- dure. 
('I', 'Kenneth')  I had a discussion with Stopford and Kenneth about the part which -. 
('I', 'Kenneth')  Kimball is having a talk with Cussen and Burt 750 I had a talk with Kenneth and Kembal Johnson about INTERAVIA and the Swedish Air Lines. 
('I', 'Kenneth')  845 I saw Kenneth Younger and Milmo about SZUMLICH. 
('I', 'Jock Whyte')  I had a talk with Jock Whyte about the JACKSON case. 
('I', 'Jock Whyte')  I saw Jock Whyte this morning. 
('I', 'Jock Whyte')  Apart from this I thought there was a certain disciplinary side to the whole question and that if some body did not tell Jock Whyte exactly where he got off he would be intolerable. 
('I', 'Jock Whyte')  I told him that I had been a little worried by the fact that he seemed to regard the whole matter as a personal issue between myself and Jock Whyte. 
('I', 'Jock Whyte')  I could see that he had made up his mind and I confined myself in the end to saying that if he wished me to retain Jock Whyte in the Division I would do my best to look after him but that I felt considerable anxiety in doing so. 
('I', 'Jock Whyte')  I have passed the note to Jock Whyte for his comments. 
('I', 'Jock Whyte')  August 10th I saw Jock Whyte and told him that we were proposing to have snap S/W checks on Post Restante addresses commencing with Aberdeen owing to the Swedish Air Line, and then possibly trying Liverpool. 
('I', 'Jock Whyte')  I decided that Jock Whyte should continue his investigations into INTERAVIA and that Kembal Johnson should deal with the Sedish Air Lines perhaps rither more extensively th than he had done in the past. 
('I', 'Jock Whyte')  I had a talk with Jock Whyte about pre-war spies. 
('I', 'Jock Whyte')  I had a talk with Jock Whyte and arranged with him that Vesey should go to the RPS. 
('Head', 'SIME')  While he does not dispute any decision that is made, he feels that if it is considered tha he is not qualified, after hhis considerable length of service and intimate knowledge of the area, to become Head of SIME, there cannot really be much future for him in this office, and that his only course will be to look round for something else. 
('Head', 'SIME')  When it came to the Head Of SIME, the D.G. 
('Head', 'SIME')  then said that he was considerably impressed by the arguments that I had put forward, par- ticularly that one which I also put forward that anybody taking over the Head of SIME should have had considerable experience in our office in London, and that it was our general policy to have a complete interchange officers at home and abroad. 
('Head', 'SIME')  It is to be made clear to Jenkins that his information is to be filtered through the Head of SIME, who will brief the G.O.C. 
('Head', 'SIME')  We had, however, made a start when we took over SIME in appointing a civilian as its Head. 
('Head', 'SIME')  It was thought that this was a matter which the Head of SIME should arrange locally. 
('Head', 'SIME')  I have suggested to TAR that, in so far as Cairo is concerned, this is a matter for the Head of SIME to look into. 
('Head', 'SIME')  Since Alex is likely to be on the sick list for some months, we felt that Magan would have to go as Head of SIME, Dick has complete powers to arrange what he can with the High Commissioner, Kellar suggested that either Dick or, strangely, Horrocks should take over during his absence. 
('Head', 'SIME')  Since Alex is likely to be on the sick list for some months, we felt that Magan would have to go as Head of SIME, Dick has complete powers to arrange what he can with the High Commissioner. 
('Head', 'SIME')  I said that the Head of SIME was in this country and could assist in the drafting of any such report. 
('Harry Allen', 'I')  Lee, Harry Allen, F-J and I discussed the question of German scientists which is to come up before. 
('Harry Allen', 'I')  It was decided that Harry Allen, Dick White and myself would each draft a skeleton for a six-page memorandum, which it was felt would be more suitable for D's of I., Chiefs of Staff, Under Secretaries of State. 
('Harry Allen', 'I')  I talked to Harry Allen and Archer about A.L.Os. 
('Harry Allen', 'I')  I had a meeting with Harry Allen and the Railway Police. 
('Harry Allen', 'I')  7th January I had a meeting with Harry Allen, Horrocks, Roger, Stanley Strong and Adam about the vetting of civil servants. 
('Harry Allen', 'I')  Colonel Shaw came to see me and Harry Allen about the circulars to ex-members of the I. 
('Harry Allen', 'I')  I asked Harry Allen to ask Gleadell to let him have the names. 
('Harry Allen', 'I')  I described to them more or less the basic functions of the office and they subsequently had talks with Harry Allen, Jo Archer, Hollis and Dick/ 11th February. 
('Harry Allen', 'I')  with Harry Allen in the chair which discussed the duties which might be assigned to various M. I. branches when the Second Front opened. 
('Harry Allen', 'I')  meeting which I attended some days ago with Harry Allen. 
('Gibraltar', 'I')  I saw Fawdry and discussed with him his various problems in Gibraltar, He is staying on until February of next year. 
('Gibraltar', 'I')  I had a long talk with him about affairs in Gibraltar. 
('Gibraltar', 'I')  I had a talk with Mills, who is back here from Gibraltar. 
('Gibraltar', 'I')  I also talked to him about the "Colony Trader" a ship which is now in Gibraltar and which 18 undoubtedly to be used for illegal immigration. 
('Gibraltar', 'I')  I had a talk with Mills, who is back here from Gibraltar. 
('Gibraltar', 'I')  I also talked to him about the "Colony Trader", a ship which is now in Gibraltar and which is undoubtedly to be used for illegal immigration. 
('Gibraltar', 'I')  I had a talk with Mills, who is back here from Gibraltar. 
('Gibraltar', 'I')  I saw Mills to-day and asked him to give me a brief account of his association with Guy BURGESS, when the latter visited Gibraltar and Tangier in November last. 
('Gibraltar', 'I')  I saw O'Brien, the Colonial Secretary at Gibraltar. 
('Gibraltar', 'I')  I explained that while normally we preferred not to do this, we had agreed in the case of Gibraltar, where the circumstances appear to be exceptional, that it we were not in the Chair there was a risk of duplication of the D.S.O's work. 
('Gestapo', 'I')  I told her to send the full report and to suggest that the Control Commission might either re-interrogate Kraemer or talk to somebody in the Gestapo who had been in Copenhagen or Stockholm. 
('Gestapo', 'I')  I still thought that WITT had at one time had some connection with the Gestapo although they may not have sent him here officially. 
('Gestapo', 'I')  GOC I gather rather regards SIME as his special personal Gestapo. 
('Gestapo', 'I')  This is of course quite ridiculous in so far as MI5 is concerned, since I am certain that Winston was merely referring to the socialisation of industry and controls which caused the appointment of staff of a Gestapo kind to see that the regulations were carried out. 
('Gestapo', 'I')  I think he gave the impression that he was going to run something on slightly Gestapo lines. 
('Gestapo', 'I')  I explained that our aim and object 73 was to remain entirely non-Party in all these matters and to avoid any suggestion that the Department was a Gestapo. 
('Gestapo', 'I')  I explained that it was not really within our Charter to look after the morale and discipline of the Navy: in fact the Prime Minister had attached great importance to our keeping clear of any possible accusation of being a Gestapo. 
('Gestapo', 'I')  I explained that it was not really within our Charter to look after the morale and discipline of the Navy: in fact the Prime Minister had attached great importance to our keeping clear of any possible accusation of being a Gestapo. 
('Gestapo', 'I')  I explained that it was not really within our Charter to look after the morale and discipline of the Navy: in fact the Prime Minister had attached great importance to our keeping clear of any possible accusation of being a Gestapo. 
('Gestapo', 'I')  Now that the culprit has been identified I do not think that we can concern ourselves further since we should be laying ourselves open to the accusation that we ere employing Gestapo methods on the Civil Service, Turther the headof the registry could only conclude that our informant was coming in to criticise his mnagement. 
('George', 'I')  George Jenkin rang me up to say that Laithwaite had had information, emanating, I think, from the North, to the effect that the I.R.A. 
('George', 'I')  -------------- I lunched with George Jenkin. 
('George', 'I')  In regard to the cold war, I told Donovan that for two years I had been trying to find someone who would get Walt Disney to do a cartoon of "Animal Farm" by George Orwell. 
('George', 'I')  I gather, however, that George Jenkin wants to go a little deeper; he wants to find one or two really high-grade agents who will have access to officials of the Executive Committee of the Malayan C.P. 
('George', 'I')  The only suggestion that I could make was that a film might be made of "Animal Farm" by George Orwell. 
('George', 'I')  I saw George McClellan and Superintendent Lemieux, who is likely to succeed the former in the not very distant future. 
('George', 'I')  I saw George Booth last night. 
('George', 'I')  I had previously spoken to Sir George Warner at the F.O., about this matter. 
('George', 'I')  I lunched today with Rothschild and Sir George Gaytor, who is P.U.S. 
('George', 'I')  I had a talk today with Kellar about George KNUPFER and the Young Russia organ- isation known as Mladoross. 
('England', 'I')  I said that could see no reason why Eisenhower, rather than disclosing deception on a major scale, should not continue himself to stating what Jodl in fact believed, namely that the Germans made a miscalculation as to the purpose or which our reserves in the SE England were going to be used. 
('England', 'I')  I said that I was conscious that there was a vast field here in England which he could exploit on our behalf, but that owing to reorganisation and general pressure of work here we had not, unfortunately, got down to thinking things out. 
('England', 'I')  This would, I think, serve a useful purpose in getting Mann acquainted with the work going on among the Police in England. 
('England', 'I')  "I do not want the Germans to win," he said, " I want peace now, before England has been reduced to a dung heap. 
('England', 'I')  I longed to say that if somebody did not get a move on there would be no democracy, no England and no Empire, and that this was almost a matter of days. 
('England', 'I')  Our interest was a mutual one and I thought that whatever happened we ought to get the man over to England as soon as possible and that we should reserve judgment until we had heard his whole story Felix was evidently suffering from pro- fessional jealousy. 
('England', 'I')  I therefore arranged to send home by Barty Bouverie who was leaving in the course of the next two days for England, a copy of Birkett's lecture with a note to the D.G. 
('England', 'I')  I gave him some picture of our experiences in England whenever he showed signs of drawing breath, which was not often. 
('England', 'I')  I think they all feel that Ladd is rather stumbling block to better collaboration and it may be that it would be more profitable if we could get him over to England. 
('England', 'I')  I left for Montreal on the night train with en route for England. 
('Dick', 'FUCHS')  I had a talk with Dick, Hollis, and F.J. about the case of FUCHS, who is employed on atomic research, The question of this man's establishment has come up. 
('Dick', 'FUCHS')  I had a talk with Dick, Hollis, and F.J. about the case of FUCHS, who is employed on atomic research. 
('Dick', 'FUCHS')  8th December I had a talk with Dick, Hollis, and F.J. about the case of FUCHS, who is employed on atomic research. 
('Dick', 'FUCHS')  Sir Edward Travis, Alexander of G.C.H.Q., Dick, Roger, Skardon and I discussed the FUCHS case from the technical angle. 
('Dick', 'FUCHS')  Dick said that he wanted to do this in order to convince FUCHS that we kney he was a siy, otherwise he might reason that owing to the explosion of an atomic bomb in Russia the Security authorities were looking for a likely person and , in view of his K.P.D. 
('Dick', 'FUCHS')  Skardon gave an account of his interview with FUCHS to the D.G., Dick, Marriott, Robertson and myself. 
('Dick', 'FUCHS')  [redacted] came over and I gave him the story about FUCHS, in the presence of Dick, John, James, Skardon, and Hill. 
('Dick', 'FUCHS')  asked Dick to say something about the FUCHS case. 
('Dick', 'FUCHS')  He mentioned to me that he had spoken to Dick White a propos of FUCHS, expressing his distress at our being pilloried in the press, and offering, if we thought any useful purpose would be served, to present our case, in any form in which we might like to put it forward, to the National Council, C.I.A. 
('Dick', 'FUCHS')  Dick White had had to put on a cabaret show on the FUCHS case to keep things going. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'RECORDS ACT')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'RECORDS ACT')  ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'RECORDS ACT')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'RECORDS ACT')  about the basis on which they are intending to compute theils93 Toppe ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('DOCUMENT RETAINED', 'RECORDS ACT')  KV41474 S Form 960 POL F53-24-5811 / AV21 VOLUME 21 1952 Index THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3(4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('Chinese', 'I')  I thought that Bourne might be extremely valuable to us as a Chinese adviser at SIFE. 
('Chinese', 'I')  I talked to Courtenay Young about [redacted] that the Chinese are anxious to obtain information about our Intelligence Service and other matters. 
('Chinese', 'I')  I envisaged that when the Chinese Communists get down to Hong Kong, they might well urge their supporters in the Colony to embark at the outset on a movement of non-co-operation, involving a withdrawal of labour from the central services or the Police, and from Government office As dislocation increased acts of violence and serious disturbances might follow. 
('Chinese', 'I')  In talking to Cresswell afterwards, I was satisfied that he realised the importance of getting the Interrogation Centre going at the earliest possible moment, I gathered, too, that we are likely to refuse the Chinese the right to establish Consulates in Malaya. 
('Chinese', 'I')  I rather wondered whether it was necessary to place this man in a firm; as I saw his job, he would have introductions to various business firms who would assist him in the selection of a reliable Chinese in their employ who could give him either first or second-hand information relating to various walks of life, e.g. 
('Chinese', 'I')  I told the Committee about the rather sensational telegram that we had received from Hong Kong, to the effect that the Chinese were going to declare war upon the U.S. on the 14th November. 
('Chinese', 'I')  The Americans are still toying with the idea of bombing and blockading Manchuria, but whether they seriously intend to do this unless the Chinese re-open hostilities after an Armistice (if we get one), I do not know. 
('Chinese', 'I')  I added that what had clearly hampered the Police more than anything was the fact that they were out of touch with the Chinese population. 
('Chinese', 'I')  Strong thought that we should not be confident on the question or the 14,000 prisoners, and I mentioned that the Chinese had already, whatever the outcome, lost 'face' on this issue and were continuing to lose fact as long as the negotiations were protracted. 
('Chinese', 'I')  We also discussed the paper on Korea, when I managed to get a paragraph introduced about the possible deadlock being due to a desire by the Russians and Chinese to see what came out of General Eisenhower's visit. 
('Chinese', 'Colony')  Singapore remains outside the Federation and it is the fear of the Malaya that they will be swamped by a Chinese invasion, On the other hand, the Chinese born in Malaya will have Federal citisenship, as will also those who have been long established and domiciled in the Colony. 
('Chinese', 'Colony')  On the other hand, the Chinese born in Malaya will have Federal citisenship, as will also those who have been long established and domiciled in the Colony. 
('Chinese', 'Colony')  I envisaged that when the Chinese Communists get down to Hong Kong, they might well urge their supporters in the Colony to embark at the outset on a movement of non-co-operation, involving a withdrawal of labour from the central services or the Police, and from Government office As dislocation increased acts of violence and serious disturbances might follow. 
('Chinese', 'Colony')  This position may continue for a period of five to ten years, but the moment the Chinese find it profitable to liquidate Hong Kong, there seems little doubt that by non-cooperation, strikes, boycott, etc., they could very soon reduce the Colony to impotence. 
('Chinese', 'Colony')  Recognition of China had at first given the Colony a serious set-back, but gradually information had been seeping through to Chinese in Malaya from their relatives, that conditions in the new China were not much better than they were before, and that in certain respects they were worse. 
('Chinese', 'Colony')  Their attitude was a purely political one and they were concerned solely with the maintenance of order within the Colony and the avoidance of any activity which might give the Chinese an excuse for saying that Hong Kong was being used as a base for intelligence operations in South China. 
('Chinese', 'Colony')  The Governor said that he entirely disagreed with the theory that the Chinese have a time table and that whatever we do they will, according to schedule, occupy the Colony. 
('Chinese', 'Colony')  It was his business to hold the Colony as long as possible, and the moment when the Chinese might consider that Hong Kong under its present control was no longer of any use to them was an indefinite one, but could easily be provoked by action calculated to cause the Chinese to lose too much face. 
('Chinese', 'Colony')  He was asked why the Chinese had not done this already, to which he replied that they clearly thought that the Colony was of too much value to them from the point of view of trade. 
('Chinese', 'Colony')  The meeting then proceeded to discuss the interrogation of Chinese who were resident in the Colony and visited the mainland, and those who were entering the Colony as defectors or refugees. 
('Caribbean', 'I')  I had a talk with Kirby Green who is leaving in about 2 weeks time for the Caribbean. 
('Caribbean', 'I')  KIRBY GREEN would, of course, be ideal, but I do not think we can take him away from the Caribbean. 
('Caribbean', 'I')  I talked to the D.G, about the Caribbean plan and our representation in the U.S. 
('Caribbean', 'I')  I have warned him not to talk to the P.M. on the subject until we reach a complete impasse, I thought that all might be more amenable to our having an office in Washington if one of its purposes was to run the Caribbean, for which we were responsible. 
('Caribbean', 'I')  I said I thought the Bulletin would be of particular interest to D.S.O.s, Malta, Binraltar and the Caribbean area. 
('Caribbean', 'I')  I raised the question of Australia, and it was more or less agreed that after 'exploring the ground, an approach should be made suggesting that we establish a liaison officer in Australia, Macdonald, who is returning from the Caribbean will go to B.3.a. 
('Caribbean', 'I')  I have read a paper written by Michael Serpell on the Caribbean, from which it is recommended by the D.G. 
('Caribbean', 'I')  Whether there would ever be any possibility of a solution of this problem on the basis that we have leased bases to the U.s. in the Caribbean, I do not know. 
('Caribbean', 'I')  I said that our idea was to communicate in one-time table, that the position of Stephenson as representing the Security Service in the Caribbean area had been settled but that S.I.S. 
('Caribbean', 'I')  I think took this to mean that he would only be cominunicating on matters affecting the Caribbean. 
('Burt', 'Skardon')  I talked to Burt about the possibility of getting Skardon. 
('Burt', 'Skardon')  I asked Burt about the possibility of getting the services of Skardon on a permanent basis. 
('Burt', 'Skardon')  I told Burt that his promotion to Lt.-Col. Find the promotions or Spooner and Skardon to Major had been approved by the Military Secretary. 
('Burt', 'Skardon')  After speaking to Burt, it seemed that Spooner and Skardon would probably be able to handle any case if it arose. 
('Burt', 'Skardon')  It was arranged that the general back round of of Dorothy WOODMAN and the modus operandi should be the subject of further discussion between Burt and Skardon. 
('Burt', 'Skardon')  Meanwhile I learned that Burt had approached Skardon, evidently rather hurt that the renewal of the suggestion that Jones Bhould lecture had not come to him through Dick White or myself. 
('Burt', 'Skardon')  There is no doubt that he thinks the superiority complex is extremely irritiating*; he believes, however, that Burt is up against his subordinates in this matter and that the real trouble comes from people like [missing] and Skardon thinks it ridiculous that Special Branch do not send a couple of officers to one of our courses, and that we ought to get tough. 
('Burt', 'Skardon')  Burt, Skardon and Cussen came to see me about the Admiralty case of the discovery of part of a letter accusing certain members of the War Registry of selling information. 
('Burt', 'Skardon')  Burt and Skardon went down to see him and approached him on the lines that they were investigating on behalf of the Admiralty cert in troubles that had been going on in the registry. 
('Burt', 'Skardon')  Burt and Skardon are going over to Belfast to deal with an anonymous accusation against Col. Guiness of B.T.N.I. 
('Bureau', 'I')  In the afternoon I went down to the Bureau where I had a long talk with Carson, who is. 
('Bureau', 'I')  I said that it would be interesting to know whether this was an attempt by the 2eme* Bureau to do something for the Russians, or whether they were using these people to get information about the international Communist movement. 
('Bureau', 'I')  I said that it would be interesting to know whether this was an attempt by the 2eme Bureau to do something for the Russians, or whether they were using these people to get information about the international Communist movement. 
('Bureau', 'I')  The British and the Americans thought that the Federal Bureau should run agents, but this point, I gathered, had not been discussed in any detail with the French. 
('Bureau', 'I')  The only point on which I expressed some doubts was the multiplicity of people who would be running agents in the Land; there would be the Federal Bureau. 
('Bureau', 'I')  What the Bureau are thinking about, I cannot imagine; we certainly cannot tolerate enquiries of this kind being made about British Government officials in the U.K. -------------- 15th June. 
('Bureau', 'I')  I told him that, as matters stood at present, the Germans were going to be given the Central Travel Bureau index, containing some 32,000 names, compiled by Int. 
('Bureau', 'I')  I asked Gee about Machell-Cox, the representative of the China Bureau who is doing the interrogations of British and foreigners in Hong Kong. 
('Bureau', 'I')  I have gone into the question of searching the office of the Travel Bureau and the Anglo-German Chamber of Commerce. 
('Bureau', 'I')  I explained that as things were at present the Germans had a Legation, a Press Bureau and sections of the Party in Eire, and that if these people could have free access to information in this country without any reasonable possibility of being detected, the whole work of M.I.5. 
('Boddington', 'I')  Phillips said he thought that was a fair estimate of the position I said that we would do all we could to supply the information he required, and that I would send Boddington down to Portsmouth towards the end of next week, and that he might also be able to visit Plymouth. 
('Boddington', 'I')  I had in mind that they should select suitable informants, Boddington thought ex-marines, who could work under the direction of Chief Constables. 
('Boddington', 'I')  I said that we would do all we could to supply the information he required, and that I would send Boddington down to Portsmouth towards the end of next week, and that he might also 79 be able to visit Plymouth. 
('Boddington', 'I')  I discussed this matter afterwards with Allen and Boddington and said that while I felt we must help the Admiralty in their present difficulty, we ought to try and devise some scheme by which they could look after their own house. 
('Boddington', 'I')  I had in mind that they should select suitable informants, Boddington thought ex-marines, who could work under the direction of Chief Constables. 
('Boddington', 'I')  As a matter of fact it would be unwise, I think, for Boddington to handle this liaison, since there was some incident there during the period of the Black and Tans which resulted in Wickham, the Inspector General, having Boddington thrown out of the country. 
('Boddington', 'I')  I talked to Boddington about interviewing certain people in the Ministry of Defence and the Foreign Office on the subject of the leakage of information concerning the Templer Mission. 
('Boddington', 'I')  I saw Holmes about a note that he has written suggestion some replacement for Boddington. 
('Boddington', 'I')  While I do not think there is any real harm in Boddington meeting Police Officers when they are up in London, I agree with Holmes that if they are to attend a course it shoul be a different one to that given to Police Officers The suggestion is that we might give one such course, including P.L.A. 
('Boddington', 'I')  I told Holmes that I had decided to let Boddington come to the Police cocktail parties, as I thought it was important that we should not appear unfriendly or unhelpful in the eyes of the Admiralty. 
('Belgian', 'I')  The Belgian delegate, M. Walravens, spoke of similar rumours which had been circulating in Belgium and which had definitely been traced back to Communist sources, (A propos of these remarks, I recollected that from an account of a conversation between the Prime Minister and Adenaeur, when the latter was in this country a few weeks ago, it was clear that Adenaeur had been extremely worried lest we should come to some kind or unilateral agreement with Russia which would be detrimental to German interests. 
('Belgian', 'I')  I attended a cocktail party for the Tripartite Security delegates in the Ministry of Defence, and subsequently dined with [missing] and of the Belgian Surete. 
('Belgian', 'I')  I said that was all right in theory but in actual practice there was nothing to stop these people from communicating with the enemy across the Belgian frontier, which had recently been visited by two of our officers, Although of course the Soviet Embassy bag, which we knew was being used, was a more convenient channel for communicating, there were certain cases where personal contact had to be made. 
('Belgian', 'I')  I spoke to Cowgill regarding the possibility of getting the Belgian and Dutch experts over here to help us with the refugee problem. 
('Belgian', 'I')  I saw Cowgill and [redacted] this morning about the Dutch and Belgian refugees. 
('Belgian', 'I')  I said that I felt our line should be to ensure that Dutch and Belgian refugees were not disposed of all over the country before their cases had been fully examined by somebody who had a knowledge of the country and people. 
('Belgian', 'I')  Dick, Hart and I had a meeting about the Belgian THORN, who has appeared on ISOS. 
('Belgian', 'I')  I had a talk with Gibbs and Ramsbotham about the Belgian Congo. 
('Belgian', 'I')  (a) the plain language code he was to use in the Belgian Congo was singularly inadequate for the purpose of reporting on the lines laid down by the German I.S. 
('Belgian', 'I')  I lunched with the Belgian Prime Minister Pierlot, Minister of Justice Delfosse and -apage of the Belgian Surete. 
('Assistant', 'I')  I thought that it would be a good thing to abolish the ranks of Deputy and Assistant, since such ranks tended to make the organisation inflexible; it would, I thought, be preferable to talk about Senior Officers and Section Officers. 
('Assistant', 'I')  I was introduced to both the Assistant Military Attache and to the Consul General. 
('Assistant', 'I')  I was introduced to both the Assistant Military Attache and to the Consul General. 
('Assistant', 'I')  I was introduced to both the Assistant Military Attache and to the Consul General. 
('Assistant', 'I')  I asked Hill why it was that we could not involve KAUDY, the Assistant Military Attache. 
('Assistant', 'I')  I told the Committee that we were proposing in the course of the next few days to punp the Czech Assistant in Military and Air Attache, SROM, a Lieutenant-Colonel, who is giving assignments to an agent. 
('Assistant', 'I')  At the Appointments Board to-day I raised the question of the change of name of Administrative Assistants to Assistant officers (women). 
('Assistant', 'I')  I pointed out to Shaw that, as far as the Sudan was concerned, a suggestion was made that we were not in touch with the right people and that we should make contact with the Assistant Commissioner in charge of S.B. 
('Assistant', 'I')  His present proposal was that when Horrocks and I leave, the three main Directors should be B., C. and D.O.S., that Establishments should be down- graded to Assistant Director, and that three or four Assistant Directors should assist the Directors of B. and C, and presumably O.S. 
('Assistant', 'I')  I went to see Newsam about the case of one who is coming up for promotion to Assistant Secretary and whose case we wanted to investigate [missing]. 
('Princess', 'ROHAN')  Nothing had been said to him about his alleged remarks in front of the Princess de ROHAN and Mrs. OLIVER in Gibraltar, and nothing had been said to him about [redacted] incident. 
('Princess', 'ROHAN')  I told him that, according to our information, he had intimated both to the Princess de ROHAN and Mrs. OLIVER that Mills was not only Defence Security Officer [redacted]. 
('Princess', 'ROHAN')  BURGESS said that he could not possibly have said anything of the kind to the Princess de ROHAN or Mrs. OLIVER, as in fact he did not know until I told him that Mills [redacted]. 
('Princess', 'ROHAN')  From what he said, I do not think that BURGESS regarded the Princess de ROHAN as being wholly outside the family, in view of the fact that she had been in charge of Swiss affairs at the M. of I. during the war. 
('Princess', 'ROHAN')  When I talked to BURGESS about [redacted] incident, he said he remembered the discussion well: it had started by the Princess de ROHAN saying to him that she knew [redacted] to be mutual friend, what an excellent he was, and what splendid work he had done for the Allies during the war, and for her in particular. 
('Princess', 'ROHAN')  He told them that he had met Princess de ROHAN and Mrs. OLIVER at the Rock Hotel, that they were extremely nice people and he hoped that Mills would look after them. 
('Princess', 'ROHAN')  As was subsequently learned from Princess de ROHAN, BURGESS spent an evening with her and Mrs. OLIVER in their room, where he got very drunk at their. 
('Princess', 'ROHAN')  It was apparently on this occasion that the indiscretions took place, about which the Princess de ROHAN later made a statement to [redacted]. 
('Princess', 'ROHAN')  It was in Tangier that Mills first met Princess de ROHAN. 
('Official Secrets', 'Secrets Act')  I confined myself to saying that it would be almost impossible to us to prosecute under the Official Secrets Act if an official release was made, and I suggested that when making the handout something might perhaps be said to the press to the effect that the Official release did not authorise them to publish all sorts of stories that they might have already got written up in their lockers. 
('Official Secrets', 'Secrets Act')  F.J. and Clayton discussed with me the question of sending the recommendations of the Bridges Panel about retiring officials signing the Official Secrets Act to Dominions and Colonies. 
('Official Secrets', 'Secrets Act')  Reggie Gibbs came in to see me about certain security matters affecting atomic research and the provision of a particular kind of ?oke from Holland, which was being done through Shell Petroleum Co. Gibbs and half a dozen others had been asked to sign the Official Secrets Act form. 
('Official Secrets', 'Secrets Act')  I said, after consultation with Hill, that while he could proceed under the Army Act and under Section 2 of the Official Secrets Act, this would obviously get him no where. 
('Official Secrets', 'Secrets Act')  that PINTO had served in M.I.5., that he was therefore subject to the Official Secrets Act, and that if he said anything disclosing official secrets, both he and the B.B.C. 
('Official Secrets', 'Secrets Act')  They will probably be interrogated under the Official Secrets Act, but it is doubtful whether we shall prosecute. 
('Official Secrets', 'Secrets Act')  The case against him is not considered strong enough to warrant a prosecution under the Official Secrets Act but he is to be interrogated in prison pending his deportation. 
('Official Secrets', 'Secrets Act')  wants to prosecute under the Official Secrets Act but V.V. 
('Official Secrets', 'Secrets Act')  40 people are employed on the work and it is now suggested that they should be asked to sign the Official Secrets Act. 
('Lenin', 'Stalin')  Lenin and Stalin made the position. 
('Lenin', 'Stalin')  8th October At the JIC today we discussed at some length the report which the Air Ministry want to put in to the Chiefs of Staff drawing attention to the authoritative pronouncements by Lenin and Stalin on their long-term projectives. 
('Lenin', 'Stalin')  It is argued that Hitler wrote Mein Kampf which he tried to carry out to the letter, but nobody paid any attention and that it might therefore be as well to give due weight to the words of Lenin and Stalin. 
('Lenin', 'Stalin')  It was ultimately decided to redraft the paper showing to some extent how far speeches by Lenin and Stalin have already been put into practice. 
('Lenin', 'Stalin')  tp-day we discussed Hawtrey's memorandun, which approaches the Russian pro- blem by drawing a comparison between our attitude to "Mein Kampf" and our present attitude towards "the speeches past and present of Lenin and Stalin. 
('Lenin', 'Stalin')  Lenin and Stalin made the position. 
('Lenin', 'Stalin')  8th October At the JIC today we discussed at some length the report which the Air Ministry want to put in to the Chiefs of Staff drawing attention to the authoritative pronouncements by Lenin and Stalin on their long-term projectives. 
('Lenin', 'Stalin')  It is argued that Hitler wrote Mein Kampf which he tried to carry out to the letter, but nobody paid any attention and that it might therefore be as well to give due 75 weight to the words of Lenin and Stalin. 
('Lenin', 'Stalin')  It was ultimately decided to redraft the paper showing to some extent how far speeches by Lenin and Stalin have already been put into practice. 
('Klop', 'OSTRO')  With this information Klop returned to the American zone for a further interrogation of OSTRO. 
('Klop', 'OSTRO')  The final view of Miss Chenhalls and Klop is that RATSCHITZKY was approached and very probably recruited by OSTRO, but they doubt whether he ever operated as an agent whilst in the U.K. RATSCHITZKY states that he never met OSTRO after 1937, yet OSTRO alleges that he recruited him in his home town of Lundenburg (?) 
('Klop', 'OSTRO')  Klop thinks it possible that as he had several novels to his credit and was writing a new one, it might be about spies with sensational "facts", which OSTRO had confessed to the Allies: to deny these facts now would be to destroy the whole basis of a potential best-seller. 
('Klop', 'OSTRO')  With this information Klop returned to the American zone for a further interrogation of OSTRO. 
('Klop', 'OSTRO')  The final view of Miss Chenhalls and Klop is that RATSCHITZKY was approached and very probably recruited by OSTRO, but they doubt whether he ever operated as an agent whilst in the U.K. RATSCHITZKY states that he never met OSTRO after 1937, yet OSTRO alleges that he recruited him in his home town of Lundenburg (?) 
('Klop', 'OSTRO')  Klop thinks it possible that as he had several novels to his credit and was writing a new one it might be about spies with sensational "facts", which OSTRO had confessed to the Allies: to deny these facts now would be to destroy the whole basis of a potential best-seller. 
('Klop', 'OSTRO')  With this information Klop returned to the American zone for a further interrogation of OSTRO. 
('Klop', 'OSTRO')  The final view of Miss Chenhalls and Klop is that RATSCHITZKY was approached and very probably recruited by OSTRO, but they doubt whether he ever operated as an agent whilst in the U.K. RATSCHITZKY states that he never met OSTRO after 1937, yet OSTRO alleges that he recruited him in his home town of Lundenburg (?) 
('Klop', 'OSTRO')  Klop thinks it possible that as he had several novels to hia credit and was writing a new one it might be about spies with sensational "facts", which OSTRO had confessed to the Allies: to deny these facts now would be to destroy the whole basis of a potential best-seller. 
('Jenkin', 'Pakistan')  I got the impression that Jenkin was not very keen about the liaison job with Pakistan, or at any rate not for the moment, but I did not go on to press him to give a positive answer. 
('Jenkin', 'Pakistan')  Jenkin does not think the moment opportune for an approach to Pakistan until the new Government is established. 
('Jenkin', 'Pakistan')  A telegram has come in from Bourne, drawing our attention to the publication in the Pakist Times of September 4th of a facsimile of a letter,dated July 8th, written by "George" Jenkin to myself on the subject of our liaison with Pakistan, This had been written up in a leader, implying that there was some spy plot of the British to sabotage the Palcistan Govern- ment. 
('Jenkin', 'Pakistan')  He has heard from Ahmed who does not appear to be in the least worried about the Jenkin-Liddell publicatio in the Pakistan Times, and hopes Jenkin will ultimately return to Karachi. 
('Jenkin', 'Pakistan')  I got the impression that Jenkin was not very keen about the liaison job with Pakistan, or at any rate not for the moment, but I did not go on to press him to give a positive answer. 
('Jenkin', 'Pakistan')  Jenkin does not think the moment opportune for an approach to Pakistan until the new Government is established. 
('Jenkin', 'Pakistan')  A telegram has come in from Bourne, drawing our attention to the publication in the Pakistan Times of September 4th of a facsimile of a letter,dated July 8th, written by "George" Jenkin to myself on the subject of our liaison with Pakistan. 
('Jenkin', 'Pakistan')  He has heard from Ahmed who does not appear to be in the least worried about the Jenkin-Liddell publication in the Pakistan Times, and hopes Jenkin will ultimately return to Karachi. 
('Jenkin', 'Pakistan')  I got the impression that Jenkin was not very keen about the liaison job with Pakistan, or at any rate not for the moment, but I did not go on to press him to give a positive answer. 
('I', 'Wren')  I saw Stephenson later in the day and was introduced to Wren and others. 
('I', 'Wren')  I spent the next few days talking with Wren and looking at various files. 
('I', 'Wren')  Wren has in his section Gavin Young, a Canadian who is more or less new to the game, Ronnie Sinclaie, Mrs. Silverston (Sylvanus Vivian's daughter), Mrs. Montague, the wife of Ewen Montague of N.I.D., and one other lady whose name I forget. 
('I', 'Wren')  I left by the night train, with Wren, for Ottawa. 
('I', 'Wren')  Later Wren and I went on to see Foxworth with whom we discussed the position of Tricycle. 
('I', 'Wren')  We had landed at about 8.45 a.m. Wren and I reached London at 7.30 p.m. when we deposited our documents at the office. 
('I', 'Wren')  I dined with Wren who is leaving tomorrow. 
('I', 'Wren')  I was already aware that something of the kind was going on since Wren spoke to me about the activities of Peprer and Ingram Frazer in this connection. 
('I', 'Wren')  Work and S. America if this happened it was proposed that Wren should be built up purely as liaison I told V.G. 
('I', 'Travis')  I said that I had realised this from the discussion and that I was intending to get into direct touch with Travis. 
('I', 'Travis')  De Grey I think saw these points and promise to discuss the whole matter with Travis and see how they might best be met. 
('I', 'Travis')  and I saw Travis. 
('I', 'Travis')  I also told 'C' that from certain remarks which had reached me from other offices and also from a conversation between Kellar and Travis that there was a certain amount of feeling that M.I.5. 
('I', 'Travis')  He would, however, have a talk to Travis and Eddie Hastings about what I had said. 
('I', 'Travis')  I told Travis that my experience in dealing with the case in Australia had shown that unless an officer on the spot could see the actual documents he was at a very great disadvantage. 
('I', 'Travis')  I wished that Travis, would discuss with Hollis in Melbourne when he got there on 9th February, the question of approaching U.S.C.I.B. 
('I', 'Travis')  This will enable us to discuss freely the case of MILNER, and I hope also details of the Washington case, but for the latter we shall have to rely upon Travis. 
('I', 'Travis')  Sir Edward Travis, Alexander of G.C.H.Q., Dick, Roger, Skardon and I discussed the FUCHS case from the technical angle. 
('I', 'Trafford Smith')  I saw Trafford Smith this afternoon. 
('I', 'Trafford Smith')  I told him about the "Colony Trader" and also about the proposed use of I also mentioned my visit to Trafford Smith on the question of staffing the Colonial office and the receipt of Police reports. 
('I', 'Trafford Smith')  We had previously had a discussion with Trafford Smith on Quili's report on Palestine, The outcome is an attempt by the Colonial Office to obtain the services of Bob NEWTON, a Palestinian expert, at present undergoing the I.D.C. 
('I', 'Trafford Smith')  I saw Trafford Smith this afternoon. 
('I', 'Trafford Smith')  I told him about the "Colony Trader" and also about the proposed use of I also mentioned my visit to Trafford Smith on the question of staffing the Colonial office and the receipt of Police reports. 
('I', 'Trafford Smith')  Trafford Smith, to whom, I spoke privately, was inclined to agree. 
('I', 'Trafford Smith')  31st March I have arranged with Trafford Smith for Magan to discuss Cyprus with representatives of the Colonial Office. 
('I', 'Trafford Smith')  I spoke to Trafford Smith after the J.I.C. 
('I', 'Trafford Smith')  I said to Trafford Smith that in so far as the D.G's movements were concerned, he was, well-known to the Press and to the public that it was really impossible for him to travel anywhere without a great deal of speculation. 
('I', 'Surete')  I told him about the high level Security Conference in London, the moving spirit of which was of the French Surete. 
('I', 'Surete')  The effect of the visit is that we shall now have much closer relations with the Surete, which I hope will be cemented further when they come over at the beginning of next month. 
('I', 'Surete')  and the Surete were at logger- heads, I did not think any good could come pf this, nor did I think we should get much through S.I.S. 
('I', 'Surete')  I felt it would be more profitable to make specific requests for information about a particular individual or organisation known to be in France, and possibly to follow this up in direct conversations with the Surete either here or in France. 
('I', 'Surete')  I particularly stressed the point that whatever the French constitutional position was in time of war, it was fairly clear that in time of peace the Surete had a strong counter-espionage commitment. 
('I', 'Surete')  I then mentioned the question of sending someone from here to look into Surete records of members of the Rote-Kappelle. 
('I', 'Surete')  While there may be a good deal in what Wapler said, I had in mind (although I did not of course mention it) the case of the fairly high Foreign Office official controlling the Satellite desk, against whom the proposed action by the Surete had been suppressed on the orders of M. Pleven - the idea being that a French BURGESS and MACLEAN case would have an adverse effect upon the economic aid which the French Government were expecting from the United States. 
('I', 'Surete')  I attended a cocktail party for the Tripartite Security delegates in the Ministry of Defence, and subsequently dined with [missing] and of the Belgian Surete. 
('I', 'Surete')  I lunched with the Belgian Prime Minister Pierlot, Minister of Justice Delfosse and -apage of the Belgian Surete. 
('I', 'Stopford')  I have had long discussions today with Curry and Stopford about office organisation. 
('I', 'Stopford')  Curry, Dick, Stopford and I visited SLAMA and had an interesting discussion. 
('I', 'Stopford')  Stopford has suggested that we should try and form a description index on the automatic system of punching cards, I agree that some thing of the kind might be useful. 
('I', 'Stopford')  I saw Stopford in the afternoon and explained the position. 
('I', 'Stopford')  I saw Medhurst in the evening in an endeavour to get suitable air transport for Stopford from the Clyde to Iceland. 
('I', 'Stopford')  July 31st I had a talk with Stopford and Cecil about placing agents on board boats which ply on the main routes between this country and Ireland. 
('I', 'Stopford')  I had a discussion with Stopford and Kenneth about the part which -. 
('I', 'Stopford')  It has been decided to send SCOTT-FORD to 720 August 25th I had a meeting with Adam, Stopford and Hay - wood to discuss Stopford's work and the planting of agents on ships. 
('I', 'Stopford')  September 3rd I had a meeting with Stopford, Matthews and Joe Stephenson about the PAIR FISHIING Co. which employs Spanish fisherman and runs boats from Milford Haven which fish off the coast of Eire. 
('I', 'Phillips')  Phillips rang me up about the extract from "The Week" which I had send to the D.N.I. 
('I', 'Phillips')  I said that of course there was nothing to prevent Phillips getting his own copy, but that such things might just as well appear in any other publication. 
('I', 'Phillips')  Phillips said he thought that was a fair estimate of the position I said that we would do all we could to supply the information he required, and that I would send Boddington down to Portsmouth towards the end of next week, and that he might also be able to visit Plymouth. 
('I', 'Phillips')  I told Phillips that it was not really a responsibility of ours to snoop on the Navy, but that ever since Invergordon we had to some extent been drawn into these matters as there did not seem to be any other appropriate organisation to deal with them. 
('I', 'Phillips')  I lunchea with Van Moyaand to-day and tola him that Felix Johnstone was to visit Phillips of Einthoven. 
('I', 'Phillips')  I explained to him that as Mullerds were a branch of Phillips, there were certain secrets that we wished to safeguard. 
('I', 'Phillips')  I am a little inclined to think he may have a financial interest in Phillips whose name he is so anxious to clear, not only in the eyes of the Americans, but also the Brussels Treaty Powers. 
('I', 'Phillips')  I had a long meeting with Roger, F.J. and Felix Johnstone about the Phillips Group. 
('I', 'Phillips')  Phillips are apparently heartily distrusted by the trade in this country, whom they are always trying to undercut by devious means, and I doubt whether we could ever believe any- thing that they told us. 
('I', 'PEACH')  I had a long talk with Dick and James Robertson about the PEACH case. 
('I', 'PEACH')  After discussion with D.C. and Arthur Martin, I spoke to 'C about Martin giving details of the PEACH case to Jones (of G.C.H.Q.) 
('I', 'PEACH')  I spoke to 'C' about his letter,in reply to ours, regarding the six people named by PEACH as acquaintances of his during his University days, and particularly the statement "I can see no other risk . 
('I', 'PEACH')  Bearing in mind that out of the six people named by PEACH as acquaintances of his during his University daye, five had Communist traces, I made it clear that it would not be possible to interrogate these individuals without it being apparent to them that we regarded PEACH with considerable suspicion. 
('I', 'PEACH')  Hilda and PEACH met me in the hall and I greeted PEACH in the normal way. 
('I', 'PEACH')  The only hint that I got as to the extent or otherwise of the Harris' knowledge of the PEACH case was when I was alone for a moment with Hilda. 
('I', 'PEACH')  He, Hilda and PEACH are leaving on April 22nd; PEACH going to Spain and the other too to Mallorca, as far as I can understand. 
('I', 'PEACH')  PEACH was looking reasonably well and only drank in moderation, but I should say a general way he was drinking quite a lot. 
('I', 'PEACH')  I am a little inclined to think that the Harris' are not fully informed about the case against PEACH; I doubt otherwise whether Tommy would have been quite so sanguine about throwing me together with PEACH in the way he did. 
('I', 'Ottawa')  I told him my views about our future liaison and asked him whether we put an officer in Passport Control to look after security cases there and to cover Washington and Ottawa he would have any objection. 
('I', 'Ottawa')  I leit that evening for Ottawa. 
('I', 'Ottawa')  Later I lunched with him at the RCMP headquarters, just outside Ottawa. 
('I', 'Ottawa')  We went over much of the ground that I had gone over with Col. Anderson in Ottawa. 
('I', 'Ottawa')  What I would suggest for consideration would be the placing of an officer in Passport Control who would carry out a liaison with Washington and Ottawa and assist the P.C.O. 
('I', 'Ottawa')  I left by the night train, with Wren, for Ottawa. 
('I', 'Ottawa')  I returned to Ottawa on the night train. 
('I', 'Ottawa')  I saw Stratton and Strachey in their little house on the outskirts of Ottawa. 
('I', 'Ottawa')  I saw him in Col. Murray's office in Ottawa. 
('I', 'Naval')  I gave a short lecture to Naval officers of the Dominions and certain S.O.Is who were goin a course here at the Admiralty. 
('I', 'Naval')  I suggested that an opportunity might be taken when members of the Soviet Naval Mission return to Moscow to refuse a replacement until the Soviet Naval Mission was reduced to normal proportions. 
('I', 'Naval')  I discussed with Marriott and Cumming the case of a potential Russial defector in Berlin who is a member of the Russian Naval Academy and has considerable expert knowledge about the Russian naval programme. 
('I', 'Naval')  He mentioned a paper by Admiral Stephens, who I think is the American Naval Attache in Moscow, which suggests cutting off all supplies to Russia and the satellites, and also that if this were done the whole machine would crack and disintegrate. 
('I', 'Naval')  Incidentally, I may mention that Wapler was at the French Embassy in Belgrade at the beginning of the war, and that he was instrumental in getting Verneuil and the French Naval Attache out of the country at the time of the German invasion. 
('I', 'Naval')  I asked him about the protection of arms at Alr Force, Naval and military stations. 
('I', 'Naval')  I saw Michael Ryde in the afternoon when he gave me his impression of the case of the American Naval Officer named HOMSHER. 
('I', 'Naval')  He had succeeded in extracting the list from the U.S. Navy but since it seemed to consist to a large extent of communists and to be extremely bulky, I asked him to try and get the Naval Authorities to reduce them to mana- geable proportions. 
('I', 'Naval')  Italian S. I S. netvork has been discovered under cover of some Italian Naval Cypher and a move is on fott to set up a section in R.S.S. 
('I', 'Moran')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('I', 'Moran')  I told Captain Moran that I was in a slightly difficult position, in that I appeared, through no desire of my own, to be assisting the prosecution and the defence. 
('I', 'Moran')  If I found that it was in order, I felt that Captain Moran should inform Colonel Stephens's Counsel of what had been said. 
('I', 'Moran')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('I', 'Moran')  I told Captain Moran that I was in a slightly difficult position, in that I appeared, through no desire of my own, to be assisting the prosecution and the defence. 
('I', 'Moran')  If I found that it was in order, I felt that Captain Moran should inform Colonel Stephens's Counsel of what had been said. 
('I', 'Moran')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('I', 'Moran')  I tola Captain Moran that I was in a slightly difficult position, in that I appeared, through no desire of my own, to be assisting the prosecution and the defence. 
('I', 'Moran')  If I found that it was in order, I felt that Captain Moran should infom Colonel Stephens's Counsel of what had been said. 
('I', 'Melland')  I asked Noakes whether Brian Melland had been able to see Robbi Mendelssohn. 
('I', 'Melland')  Ronnie will give Brian Melland another dig and if I let him have particulars about the mother he will see what can be done. 
('I', 'Melland')  Ronnie, whom I have seen, is going once more to stoke up Brian Melland about Robbi Mendelssohn. 
('I', 'Melland')  Brian Melland looked in, He is now demobilised, He thinks that if I want to see Robi MENDELSSOHN (?) 
('I', 'Melland')  Later after a talk with Dick and tart I decided to see Melland before putting forward a paper about the operational value of integrated C. E. information. 
('I', 'Melland')  Melland came over and Curry, Dick, Hart and I had a talk with him. 
('I', 'Melland')  I reported that I had seen Cavendish Bentinck and also Melland who was very anxious to have some regular meeting of ISOS users which would include a representative of R.S.S., S.I.S. 
('I', 'Melland')  poured cold water on this and said he saw no use in having another committee and when I told him how anxious Melland was to get something of the kind going he replied that it was for Melland to put forward his reasons. 
('I', 'Melland')  934 Curry and I went over to see Melland. 
('I', 'Lloyd')  I saw Sir Thomas Lloyd about the "Colony Trader" He was quite prepared for the action suggested and proposed to put it to his Committee tomorrow. 
('I', 'Lloyd')  This I passed on to Sir Thomas Lloyd. 
('I', 'Lloyd')  I saw Sir Thomas Lloyd about the "Colony Trader. 
('I', 'Lloyd')  This I passed on to Sir Thomas Lloyd. 
('I', 'Lloyd')  I discussed the draft of a letter to Lloyd, asking that Police Forces in the S.I.F.E. 
('I', 'Lloyd')  I lunched with Lloyd, c.c. 
('I', 'Lloyd')  I saw Sir Thomas Lloyd. 
('I', 'Lloyd')  -------------- In the afternoon I saw Sir Thomas Lloyd and handed him a copy of our telegrams to East Africa in connection with BROCKWAY's visit. 
('I', 'Lloyd')  I telephoned to Sir Thomas Lloyd and, in his absence, spoke to Mr. Rogers, head of the East African Dept. 
('I', 'Ladd')  I had a short talk with Ladd and gave him a general idea about our post-mortam. 
('I', 'Ladd')  Here I had a long and very satisfactory evening with Micky Ladd and also a final talk with Hoover. 
('I', 'Ladd')  I did not actually mention to him what Barty Bouverie told me 3 days ago that where he was in Washington quite recently he had dined with Micky Ladd who had expressed those very sentiments. 
('I', 'Ladd')  I asked Cimperman to tell Ladd that we should be interested in any further information he might get. 
('I', 'Ladd')  Lastly I told Cimperman to tell Ladd that I hoped before very long to let him have the Garbo story for his own private information. 
('I', 'Ladd')  My information, and I quoted him Barty Bouverie's talk with Micky Ladd, was that the FBI would never really trust SIS. 
('I', 'Ladd')  I saw Ladd of the F.B.I. 
('I', 'Ladd')  I think they all feel that Ladd is rather stumbling block to better collaboration and it may be that it would be more profitable if we could get him over to England. 
('I', 'Ladd')  June 18th and I had a meeting with Tamm who called in Ladd. 
('I', 'John Marriott')  I had a long talk with John Marriott about GARBO and about the general progress we were making in our enquiries into Russian espionage. 
('I', 'John Marriott')  I got Dick and John Marriott in. 
('I', 'John Marriott')  I discussed with Dick and John Marriott the case of Nilliam Norman EWER, Dick and I felt, and I think John agreed, that as it would be necessary to consult members of the Labour Party before taking any action, the matter was af very considerable delicacy and our action might be missunderstood. 
('I', 'John Marriott')  I discussed with M.E, and John Marriott the proposals in an S.I.C. 
('I', 'John Marriott')  I talked to John Marriott and Derby about Derby feels fairly confident about bona fides. 
('I', 'John Marriott')  -------------- Kim Philby came over and he, Dick, Roger, John Marriott, and I had A discussion about the F.B.I. 
('I', 'John Marriott')  -------------- I had a talk with John Marriott to-day. 
('I', 'John Marriott')  I discussed with John Marriott end korton Evans the note on the potentialities of the Communist Party in time of war, a note on which has been requested by S.H.A.P.E. 
('I', 'John Marriott')  I asked John Marriott and Robertson about G. Circulars. 
('Hoover', 'Stephenson')  Hoover was annoyed because Stephenson had been dealing with Donovon. 
('Hoover', 'Stephenson')  Next day Hoover came down to see Stephenson. 
('Hoover', 'Stephenson')  Stephenson told Hoover exactly what he thought of him. 
('Hoover', 'Stephenson')  Hoover then tried to get Stephenson to agree to pass all his information tarough the F.B.I. 
('Hoover', 'Stephenson')  An undertaking was given some time ago by Stephenson to Hoover that he would no longer employ agents in his area. 
('Hoover', 'Stephenson')  I suggested that Madement should get Stephenson to see Hoover in order to obtain his permission for some measure of elasticity to be applied to the agreement. 
('Hoover', 'Stephenson')  When American come into the war Stephenson handed over all the agents that he had been running with the connivance of the American authorities to Donovan instead of to Hoover in whose area they were operating. 
('Hoover', 'Stephenson')  Stephenson maintains that Hoover is til pliving straight. 
('Hoover', 'Stephenson')  The trouble is of course that Hoover does not think that Stephenson is playing straint. 
('Hoover', 'I')  I explained to Kim that both the F.B.I.s and our point of view was that we must as far as possible have direct exchange and that whereas we as a defensive organization were not suspect, SIS particularly in view of Bill's past antics, were suspect, even though Bill might have acquired a letter from Hoover thanking him for his past services and stating that without Security Co-Ordination the war could. 
('Hoover', 'I')  Hoover gave orders that I was to be looked after in California. 
('Hoover', 'I')  Here I had a long and very satisfactory evening with Micky Ladd and also a final talk with Hoover. 
('Hoover', 'I')  I saw Hoover for the last time on the 18th. 
('Hoover', 'I')  I thought that we should be careful about saying anything that might be quoted to Hoover and which he might think damaging to his interests. 
('Hoover', 'I')  I learned off the record from Thistle, who has seen something of Bob Lamphere, that my estimate of Hoover is not very wide of the mark. 
('Hoover', 'I')  I saw Tamm who took me into Hoover. 
('Hoover', 'I')  I suggested that Madement should get Stephenson to see Hoover in order to obtain his permission for some measure of elasticity to be applied to the agreement. 
('Hoover', 'I')  I was certain that the situation would never improve unless there was a firm undertaking observed by all concerned not to operate on behalf of Donovan in Hoover's territory or on behalf of Hoover in Donovan's. 
('Herschel Johnson', 'I')  I spoke to Herschel Johnson and explained to him our difficul- ties. 
('Herschel Johnson', 'I')  We have agreed to let them go back on the Manhattan but I have asked Herschel Johnson to persuade the United States Lines to refrain from sending German crews to this country. 
('Herschel Johnson', 'I')  I have passed a report to Herschel Johnson which I received from S.I.S. 
('Herschel Johnson', 'I')  I saw Herschel Johnson about Claridges. 
('Herschel Johnson', 'I')  I explained the situation to Herschel Johnson who has spoken to the Ambassador. 
('Herschel Johnson', 'I')  I lunched with Herschel Johnson. 
('Herschel Johnson', 'I')  I went to a cocktail party which was a farewell to Herschel Johnson. 
('Herschel Johnson', 'I')  I have just heard that Herschel Johnson, as american Ambassador in Sweden, has just arrived back from Stockholm and wants to see me. 
('Herschel Johnson', 'I')  I saw Herschel Johnson who is over here for a few days from Stockholm. 
('Hartmann', 'OSTRO')  OSTRO alleges that he came to an arrangement with Mr. Hartmann, a member of the staff of "The Ironmonger, that these reports should be readressed* to him in Hamburg after the magazine had used what they needed for their own publication. 
('Hartmann', 'OSTRO')  Hartmann is also supposed to have informed OSTRO that British Intelligence were interested in these reports, and OSTRO was proud of the fact that NEJEDLY's secret writing messages had failed to be intercepted by the Russian censorship or by British Intelligence. 
('Hartmann', 'OSTRO')  OSTRO, when faced with these facts, could only protest the truth of his statements and say that possibly Hartmann was now contradicting them as he was fearful of the consequences of being connected with a Nazi. 
('Hartmann', 'OSTRO')  OSTRO alleges that he came to an arrangement with Mr. Hartmann, a member of the staff of "The Ironmonger", that these reports should be readressed to him in Hamburg after the magazine had used what they needed for their own publication. 
('Hartmann', 'OSTRO')  Hartmann is also opposed to have informed OSTRO that British Intelligence were interested in these reports, and OSTRO was proud of the fact that NEJEDLY's secret writing messages had failed to be intercepted by the Russian censorship or by British Intelligence. 
('Hartmann', 'OSTRO')  Lastly, if any special arrangements had been made Mr. Hartmann would have remembered them, OSTRO, when faced with these facts, could only protest the truth of his statements and say that possibly Hartmann was now contradicting them as he was fearful of the consequences of being connected with a Nazi. 
('Hartmann', 'OSTRO')  OSTRO alleges that he came to an arrangement with Mr. Hartmann, a member of the staff of "The Ironmonger", that these reports should be readressed to him in Hamburg after the magazine had used what they needed for their own publication. 
('Hartmann', 'OSTRO')  Hartmann is also opposed to have informed OSTRO that British Intelligence were interested in these reports, and OSTRO was proud of the fact that NEJEDLY's secret writing messages had failed to be intercepted by the Russian censorship or by British Intelligence. 
('Hartmann', 'OSTRO')  Lastly, if any special arrangements had been made, Mr. Hartmann would have remembered them, OSTRO, when faced with these facts, could only protest the truth of his statements and say that possibly Hartmann was now contradicting them as he was fearful of the consequences of being connected with a Nazi. 
('Glasgow', 'I')  I gathered from the DG that my visit had made good impression on the CCs end that they all very much appreciated the talk I had given The DG then told me that he had considered the question of the ALO having an office in police headquarters at Edinburgh or Glasgow, and that he was somewhat doubtful about the desirability of this, since he realised that the presence of the officer would become known and that a disgruntled policeman might quite easily blow to the press. 
('Glasgow', 'I')  of policemen in this connection, I think that the leakage was probably started in Glasgow. 
('Glasgow', 'I')  I left, with Oughton, for Glasgow in the evening to attend the Chief Constables' Conference. 
('Glasgow', 'I')  Although no questions were asked at the beginning of the lectures, I gathered from Mann, tand also from other officers of the Glasgow Police, that they were appreciated. 
('Glasgow', 'I')  At the D.G's meeting to-day I told them about the visit to Glasgow by Oughton and myself. 
('Glasgow', 'I')  I Naval Commander was apparently a ent up to Glasgow to deliver the orders, etc., to the C.-in-C. aboard H.M.S. 
('Glasgow', 'I')  At the same time I have a sked Abbott at the Post Office to arrange direct lines for us to Glasgow, Liverpool and Manchester. 
('Glasgow', 'I')  I think it is important that we should send a responsible B.officer up to Liverpool, Manchester and Glasgow in order to ensure that any enquiries that are made are properly carried out and that in certain cases no enquiries are made at all. 
('Glasgow', 'I')  NOVEMBER 15th I saw Col.Stirling today when he explained to me the position in Glasgow regarding telephone censorship on Eire. 
('Frank', 'I')  Gray and I went to see Sir Frank Newsam. 
('Frank', 'I')  I saw Sir Frank Newsarn to-day and explained to him in detail the position that had been reached regarding Orme Sargent' 196. 
('Frank', 'I')  I saw Sir Frank Newsar to-day and explained to him in detail the position that had been reached.regarding Orme Sargent' 197 lette to Sir Raymond Birchall, suggesting that the time had now come for Gambier Taray's Maintenance Group to take over the initial inspection and subsequent technical maintenance of our missions abroad, and that as it was important that they should be kept abreast of all current developments, a liaison officer from the G.P.0. 
('Frank', 'I')  I told winter, who rang up from the I.D.C., that I thought Frank Nevsam ought to be there, but he did not seem to think it worth while reopening the matter. 
('Frank', 'I')  I saw Sir Frank Newsam to-day in order to discuss with him my letter regarding Warrants to cover correspondence going to and emanating from an individual. 
('Frank', 'I')  I said I had been asked by Sir Frank Newsam whether we could let him have copies as, for some reason unstated, he did not wish to go to the C.R.O. 
('Frank', 'I')  I told the meeting that we had, in the light of additional facts, submitted, a note to the Home Office, recommending that at least the bulk of the delegation should be stopped, but that Sir Frank Newsam held the view that we should only give the Congress more publicity, and that the body politic here was quite capable of absorbing the virus and throwing it off. 
('Frank', 'I')  I told Burt that I was quite prepared, if necessary, to make representations to the Immigration in this sense, or, if expedient, to speak to Sir Frank Newsam, Burt said that he would have a talk with Ruck, and if he wanted any further assistance from me he would let me know. 
('Frank', 'I')  I spoke to Miss Frank about this and she tells me that the conversations are covered. 
('Findlater', 'I')  He had thought that Findlater was more or less persuaded that I was the right person. 
('Findlater', 'I')  Findlater did however say that he wondered whether I was quite the right person to put a point of view across to the Cabinet in a crisis. 
('Findlater', 'I')  I told Findlater about the revelations in connection with GARBO and BRUTUS and also about the reports from P/Ws on the leakage in connection with Overlord which was caused through SOE BBC broadcasts. 
('Findlater', 'I')  It is, I think, very much in his favour that Findlater Stewart recommends him as being entirely straight and keen. 
('Findlater', 'I')  I therefore raised the matter again the following day I said that I had been disturbed by what hnad* said on the previous day, since from the action he had taken he must have felt that I was in some way trying to usurp his functions, and that Miss Findlater was deliberately side- tracking his papers to me; and, indeed, that other officers of the pre-war staff were also deliberately sidetracking his papers. 
('Findlater', 'I')  I said that I had been disturbed by what he had said on the previous day, since from the action he had taken he must have felt that I was in some way trying to usurp his functions, and that Miss Findlater was deliberately side- tracking his papers to me ; and, indeed, that other officers of the pre-war staff were also deliberately sidetracking his papers. 
('Findlater', 'I')  and Findlater Stewart who I think had been lobbied. 
('Findlater', 'I')  He has re-drafted his memo on the Study Group which he wishes to send to Findlater Stewart and alsoto C. He asked me about the case of BARRA and I told him exactly what we were doing. 
('Findlater', 'I')  of I. and Findlater- Stewart about the W.Board meeting, and told them about my visit to America. 
('Donovan', 'I')  At Bill Stephenson's request, I went up to Claridges to see him and General Donovan, late of O.S.S. 
('Donovan', 'I')  Donovan reminded me of the GARBO story that I had told him in Washington towards the end of the war. 
('Donovan', 'I')  To declare it illegal would give it a certain advertisement and would in other ways make our task more difficult, Donovan was not wholly convinced by this argument, although I do not think that he had any valid reply. 
('Donovan', 'I')  In regard to the cold war, I told Donovan that for two years I had been trying to find someone who would get Walt Disney to do a cartoon of "Animal Farm" by George Orwell. 
('Donovan', 'I')  Donovan was extremely friendly and asked me to visit him without fail if I were in America. 
('Donovan', 'I')  Ellis then went to Donovan o wrote a letter to the I resident. 
('Donovan', 'I')  I lunched with Bill Donovan and Barty Bouverie. 
('Donovan', 'I')  I gave Donovan a general view of our experiences here. 
('Donovan', 'I')  I was certain that the situation would never improve unless there was a firm undertaking observed by all concerned not to operate on behalf of Donovan in Hoover's territory or on behalf of Hoover in Donovan's. 
('Dick Butler', 'I')  I heard later that this had failed and I therefore put him in touch with Dick Butler who had said he would do what he could. 
('Dick Butler', 'I')  I put him in touch with Dick Butler who had kindly offered to try and find him work. 
('Dick Butler', 'I')  I asked Hail whether he would be prepared to see Dick Butler. 
('Dick Butler', 'I')  I have told all this to the D.G., who had previously approved of my seeing Cussen, and subsequently approved of the use or Dick Butler. 
('Dick Butler', 'I')  Boothroyd looked in and I put him in touch with Dick Butler. 
('Dick Butler', 'I')  I asked Hall whether he would be prepared to see Dick Butler. 
('Dick Butler', 'I')  I have told all this to the D.G., who had previously approved of my seeing Cussen, and subsequently approved of the use of Dick Butler. 
('Dick Butler', 'I')  Boothroyd looked in and I put him in touc with Dick Butler. 
('Dick Butler', 'I')  I asked Hall whether he would be prepared to see Dick Butler. 
('Dick', 'Magan')  Magan spoke to Dick about this, as he said that it went entirely contrary to his original instructions: was he not in future to write to officers who were directly concerned? 
('Dick', 'Magan')  Dick confirmed to me everything that he had written in his letter, and expressed himself as being profoundly dis- turbed about moving Magan who had just settl down in Palestine, which was obviously a mos important place at the moment. 
('Dick', 'Magan')  161 I talked to Dick and Courtenay about SIFE, we thought of Magan as successor to Johnston, but came to the conclusion that as he had been moved once from Palestine, it would be impossible to move him again. 
('Dick', 'Magan')  After a long consultation with Magan and Dick it was decided that Morton should make a tentative approach to Busk about obtaining Embassy cover. 
('Dick', 'Magan')  Since Alex is likely to be on the sick list for some months, we felt that Magan would have to go as Head of SIME, Dick has complete powers to arrange what he can with the High Commissioner, Kellar suggested that either Dick or, strangely, Horrocks should take over during his absence. 
('Dick', 'Magan')  Since Alex is likely to be on the sick list for some months, we felt that Magan would have to go as Head of SIME, Dick has complete powers to arrange what he can with the High Commissioner. 
('Dick', 'Magan')  After a long consultation with Magan and Dick it was decided that Morton should make a tentative approach to Busk about obtaining Embassy cover. 
('Dick', 'Magan')  I have asked Dick to sound Bill Magan. 
('Dick', 'Magan')  We had a further meeting on Integration - Jack Morton, Magan, Dick White, Kellar and others being presents as a result of which we reached fairly firm conclusions on what our requirements were with regard to outstations of both S.I.M.E and S.I.F.E. 
('Deputy', 'I')  I thought that it would be a good thing to abolish the ranks of Deputy and Assistant, since such ranks tended to make the organisation inflexible; it would, I thought, be preferable to talk about Senior Officers and Section Officers. 
('Deputy', 'I')  Personally, I thought that the whole purpose of getting rid of Deputy Director was to make us more flexible, but evidently an establishment for Senior Officers has now been obtained from the Treasury which puts us back more or less where we started. 
('Deputy', 'I')  I lunched with Vickery, when I met CROMBIE, who is the Deputy High Commissioner designate for Burma. 
('Deputy', 'I')  I lunched with Vickery, when I met CROMBIE, who is the Deputy High Commissioner designate for Burma. 
('Deputy', 'I')  While in my view this is undoubtedly right, I think there is something to be said for Dick having a Deputy with clearly defined responsibilities. 
('Deputy', 'I')  I said that we were now represented on the Deputy SIGINT Board, which assesses priorities, and that we had a liaison officer who was persona grata with all sections of the organisation. 
('Deputy', 'I')  I also mentioned to him what I had heard about the three Deputy Directors, who instead of depositing their bags at the Embassy had hidden them in their rooms, with rather disastrous consequences. 
('Deputy', 'I')  I told the Deputy Directors at the J.I.C. 
('Deputy', 'I')  Harker is to take over with Charles as his Deputy and myself as B. I am terribly sorry for D.S.S. 
('Dean', 'I')  I spoke to Dean, of the Foreign Office, about this matter and suggested that it might be possible to get another question put down, or to issue some sort of official statement. 
('Dean', 'I')  As I explained to Dean, we get our full share of mud, and we are usually unable to throw any back. 
('Dean', 'I')  I told Dean that I would tell the D.G, what was said, but I did not know what action he would take. 
('Dean', 'I')  I spoke to Dean, of the Foreign Office, about this matter and suggested that it might be possible to get another question put down, or to issue some sort of official statement. 
('Dean', 'I')  As I explained to Dean, we get our full share of mud, and we are usually unable to throw any back. 
('Dean', 'I')  I spoke to Dean, of the Foreign Office, about this matter and suggested that it might be possible to get another question put down, or to issue 154 some sort of official statement. 
('Dean', 'I')  As I explained to Dean, we get our full share of mud, and we are usually unable to throw any back. 
('Dean', 'I')  I explained the position very briefly, and so did Dean of the Foreign Office. 
('Dean', 'I')  I talked to Dean afterwards; he entirely agreed with me that the Public Safety system of decentralised Police Forces was entirely alien to the German conception, and that before very long the Germans were certain to revert to the old system, by which all political matters were run by Section la (?) 
('Dan', 'I')  I left from La Guardia at 9.30 on the 20th April, arrived at Shannon 10.15 New York time, 4.15 Irish time, motored with Dan across Eire to Rush where I was met by Daphne's children and crossed to Lambay in a motor boat. 
('Dan', 'I')  I said that if he really got worried he should let me know, through Dan, and I would see whether there was anything to be done. 
('Dan', 'I')  The next day I had a talk with Dan. 
('Dan', 'I')  Dan felt this was unsatisfactory, particularly as regards GOERTZ and UNLAND - GORRIZ, he said, had been considering going to South America; meanwhile he was trying to make contact with various I.R.A. 
('Dan', 'I')  I explained to Dan that so long as the Registrar General's office continued to perform its present functions there would be bound to be some check on people arriving in this country from Eire - it would otherwise be impossible for the Registrar General to keep his statistics accurate. 
('Dan', 'I')  I explained to him the position and said that I would take the first opportunity to introduce him both to Dan and to Sir John Stephenson. 
('Dan', 'I')  -------------- I had lunch with Dan [redacted]. 
('Dan', 'I')  Cecil and I lunched with Dan Bryan. 
('Dan', 'I')  tnt I thought the report which had been put up by Jane gave away too much about our relations with Dan and S I.S. 
('Cowgill', 'I')  I had a long talk with Cowgill today on the o case of FLETCHER. 
('Cowgill', 'I')  I spoke to Cowgill regarding the possibility of getting the Belgian and Dutch experts over here to help us with the refugee problem. 
('Cowgill', 'I')  I saw Cowgill at Broadway. 
('Cowgill', 'I')  I saw Cowgill and [redacted] this morning about the Dutch and Belgian refugees. 
('Cowgill', 'I')  I have arranged with Cowgill to recruit French staff through Daru to man the ports when the avalanche of French people descends upon us. 
('Cowgill', 'I')  and I think we have convinced him that from the point of view of secrecy we are not so irresponsible as Felix Cowgill would have him believe. 
('Cowgill', 'I')  I arranged for Cowgill to come over in order to discuss the ISOS-ISK muestion. 
('Cowgill', 'I')  I have shown him my letter to Cowgill about the BOVRIL case and her agrees with my views. 
('Cowgill', 'I')  I had spoken to Cowgill seemed to think the idea was a good one but had asked . 
('Cooper', 'I')  I saw Cooper with Dick. 
('Cooper', 'I')  I have spoken to Cooper this morning, trying to arrange for similar action in the case of people coming from Eire to this country. 
('Cooper', 'I')  Ispoke to both Clayton and Cooper and said tas that this whole business about the lists had reduced our contemplated action and instructions to a farce, and I asked whethere there was any objection to my taking up the question with D.S.S. 
('Cooper', 'I')  I protested to Cooper that these measure being taken without prior consultation with our His only answer was that it was a matter of gene policy given out by the Home Secretary and pres approved by the Cabinet. 
('Cooper', 'I')  Cooper, to whom I spoke, would not take the responsibility for the refusal of a permit, and wishes to refer the whole matter to the S. of S. D.S.S. 
('Cooper', 'I')  I have spoken to DDS who after consultation with Cooper does not think that anything is to be gained by our raising further objections. 
('Cooper', 'I')  Later I had an hour's interview with Duff- Cooper. 
('Cooper', 'I')  Thors may be something to be done on the lines that he sugaests, if I were to see Duff Cooper but organisationally I still think such a move would be unsound. 
('Cooper', 'I')  I said I thought this should be a matter for Duff Cooper to take up with the Treasury and the Home Office. 
('Chinese', 'Malaya')  Singapore remains outside the Federation and it is the fear of the Malaya that they will be swamped by a Chinese invasion, On the other hand, the Chinese born in Malaya will have Federal citisenship, as will also those who have been long established and domiciled in the Colony. 
('Chinese', 'Malaya')  Singapore remains outside the Federation and it is the fear of the Malaya that they will be swamped by a Chinese invasion. 
('Chinese', 'Malaya')  On the other hand, the Chinese born in Malaya will have Federal citisenship, as will also those who have been long established and domiciled in the Colony. 
('Chinese', 'Malaya')  We discussed a possible break with China, which might result from a refusal by the British Government to allow the Chinese to establish Consulates in Malaya. 
('Chinese', 'Malaya')  In talking to Cresswell afterwards, I was satisfied that he realised the importance of getting the Interrogation Centre going at the earliest possible moment, I gathered, too, that we are likely to refuse the Chinese the right to establish Consulates in Malaya. 
('Chinese', 'Malaya')  Recognition of China had at first given the Colony a serious set-back, but gradually information had been seeping through to Chinese in Malaya from their relatives, that conditions in the new China were not much better than they were before, and that in certain respects they were worse. 
('Chinese', 'Malaya')  It was generally accepted in Malaya that self-government was not a possibility for a good many years to come, and this view had been supported by Nehru, who had said that self-government could not be achieved until Malaya, Indians and Chinese were all working in harmony together. 
('Chinese', 'Malaya')  Apart from this, the cessation of hostilities in Korea is almost certain to lead to Chinese activity elsewhere, particularly in Indo-China, Burma, Malaya, and possibly Hong Kong. 
('Chinese', 'Malaya')  This was precisely the difficulty which was being encountered in Malaya, where there were not sufficient policemen in the Police Force to make contact with the Chinese population. 
('China', 'Chinese')  At the moment the Americans are refusing to give information on their aerial survey of China, on the grounds that they have a private and exclusive arrangement with the Chinese in this matter. 
('China', 'Chinese')  He then apologised for having been responsible for the trouble about the Chinese documents from Hong Kong, which indicated that the Chinese tight attempt to eliminate the currency of the Hong Kong Shanghai Bank in Southern China. 
('China', 'Chinese')  We discussed a possible break with China, which might result from a refusal by the British Government to allow the Chinese to establish Consulates in Malaya. 
('China', 'Chinese')  Unfortunately however, judgement was given in favour of the Chinese Communist Govt., since it was maintained that when they took over in China the air service concerned was automatically taken over by them. 
('China', 'Chinese')  (a) Owing largely to external factors, particularly events in China, but also owing to the threat of arrival of Communist Consuls, the co-operation of the Chinese with the Government in the campaign against the bandits must be expected to diminish;. 
('China', 'Chinese')  Recognition of China had at first given the Colony a serious set-back, but gradually information had been seeping through to Chinese in Malaya from their relatives, that conditions in the new China were not much better than they were before, and that in certain respects they were worse. 
('China', 'Chinese')  Their attitude was a purely political one and they were concerned solely with the maintenance of order within the Colony and the avoidance of any activity which might give the Chinese an excuse for saying that Hong Kong was being used as a base for intelligence operations in South China. 
('China', 'Chinese')  Asked why the Chinese Communists did not give more active support to the B.C.P., Mr. Speaight said that China probably preferred a policy of friendly relations for the moment and would not, therefore, like to be exposed se active supporters or communist activity in Burma, Weither would they like to face an appeal by Burma to the United Nations. 
('China', 'Chinese')  Hong Kong was about the only window into China, providing opportunities for making contact with the Chinese people and extracting information. 
('Ceylon', 'I')  I saw Russell who is just back from Ceylon. 
('Ceylon', 'I')  I told him that SIFE was now on its legs, that the DSO points at Singapore, Burma and Hong Kong had been set up, and that I felt it was a pity that there was not some link with Ceylon. 
('Ceylon', 'I')  I explained to Russell that it might well be necessary for us to know something or what is going on in Ceylon just as much as we may have to have some link with Malta even when the country obtained its independence. 
('Ceylon', 'I')  I saw Peter Irwin of the Ceylon Police, who is anxious to come to us when the colony goes over to dominion status. 
('Ceylon', 'I')  I gather he would be Wagstaffe will probably go to Ceylon. 
('Ceylon', 'I')  I had lunch with Sir Richard Aluwihare, Inspector General of Police, Ceylon. 
('Ceylon', 'I')  I said, with regard to Ceylon, that there is a Y station there and it is not known whether G.C.H.Q. 
('Ceylon', 'I')  I said I thought we should get their views when we knew definitely what the American proposition for Ceylon was. 
('Ceylon', 'I')  I had a long talk with U'ren about his visit to Pakistan, Ceylon and India. 
('Captain Moran', 'I')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Captain Moran', 'I')  I told Captain Moran that I was in a slightly difficult position, in that I appeared, through no desire of my own, to be assisting the prosecution and the defence. 
('Captain Moran', 'I')  If I found that it was in order, I felt that Captain Moran should inform Colonel Stephens's Counsel of what had been said. 
('Captain Moran', 'I')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Captain Moran', 'I')  I told Captain Moran that I was in a slightly difficult position, in that I appeared, through no desire of my own, to be assisting the prosecution and the defence. 
('Captain Moran', 'I')  If I found that it was in order, I felt that Captain Moran should inform Colonel Stephens's Counsel of what had been said. 
('Captain Moran', 'I')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Captain Moran', 'I')  I tola Captain Moran that I was in a slightly difficult position, in that I appeared, through no desire of my own, to be assisting the prosecution and the defence. 
('Captain Moran', 'I')  If I found that it was in order, I felt that Captain Moran should infom Colonel Stephens's Counsel of what had been said. 
('COURCY', 'I')  I told Tommy that I would not put it above de COURCY to have fixed all this up with the Duke in order to blackmail the Govt. 
('COURCY', 'I')  I wanted him to understand that de COURCY had absolutely nothing to do with any Government Department or any intelligence department, and in fact that M.I.5. 
('COURCY', 'I')  -------------- I had a talk with Newsam to-day about de COURCY. 
('COURCY', 'I')  I argued with him for some time on the wider implications of the case, and the importance from the national point of view of getting it cleared up, but he continued to revert to his old argument that de COURCY had done nothing against the law, and, from the evidence available, had no intentions in that direction; he was merely a high-grade journalist acting in the same manner as similar people of his kind. 
('COURCY', 'I')  I therefore suggested to him that we should slightly amend the warrant on de COURCY, and leave the other warrant on [redacted] until a later date. 
('COURCY', 'I')  I suggested to Dick that perhaps Max Knight might get someone in alongside [redacted] who could extract from him the fact that he was working for de COURCY and so give the necessary cover for our source of information. 
('COURCY', 'I')  I showed Hill my note to Reilly on the subject or de COURCY, and he agreed to its terms. 
('COURCY', 'I')  I gather also that de COURCY has been talking about the Second Front and that he is in close contact with Kennedy of the Planning Dept. 
('COURCY', 'I')  I do not know what the sequel has been but clearly de COURCY will now know that the W.0. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'UNDER SECTION')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS 26th November, ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS CT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'UNDER SECTION')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'RECORDS')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS 26th November, ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS CT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'RECORDS')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS 26th November, ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS CT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS 26th November, ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS CT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'ORIGINAL DOCUMENT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'DEPARTMENT UNDER')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'DEPARTMENT UNDER')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'DEPARTMENT UNDER')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS 26th November, ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'DEPARTMENT UNDER')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS CT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'DEPARTMENT UNDER')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'DEPARTMENT UNDER')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'DEPARTMENT UNDER')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'DEPARTMENT UNDER')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'DEPARTMENT UNDER')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('COPY', 'UNDER SECTION')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS 26th November, ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS CT 1958. 
('COPY', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'UNDER SECTION')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'UNDER SECTION')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('COPY', 'RECORDS')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS 26th November, ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS CT 1958. 
('COPY', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'RECORDS')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('COPY', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS 26th November, ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS CT 1958. 
('COPY', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'PUBLIC RECORDS')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('COPY', 'DOCUMENT RETAINED')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'DOCUMENT RETAINED')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'DOCUMENT RETAINED')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS 26th November, ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'DOCUMENT RETAINED')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS CT 1958. 
('COPY', 'DOCUMENT RETAINED')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'DOCUMENT RETAINED')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'DOCUMENT RETAINED')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'DOCUMENT RETAINED')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'DOCUMENT RETAINED')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('COPY', 'DEPARTMENT UNDER')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'DEPARTMENT UNDER')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'DEPARTMENT UNDER')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS 26th November, ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'DEPARTMENT UNDER')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS CT 1958. 
('COPY', 'DEPARTMENT UNDER')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'DEPARTMENT UNDER')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'DEPARTMENT UNDER')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'DEPARTMENT UNDER')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'DEPARTMENT UNDER')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('Belgians', 'Dutch')  It seems that the Dutch and Belgians are not quite so scrupulous as S.I.S. 
('Belgians', 'Dutch')  The Turks, although ready to, and capable of giving considerable assistance, were somewhat shocked to hear that we had made similar requests to the Belgians, the Dutch, the French and the Italians. 
('Belgians', 'Dutch')  If Belgium is attacked without any violation of Dutch neutrality, it is estimated that 65% of the Dutch population would be in favour of giving assistance to the Belgians. 
('Belgians', 'Dutch')   explained that we had made tentative arrangements both with the Dutch and Belgians, for a small staff and records to come over here. 
('Belgians', 'Dutch')  These arrangements could not be of a very concrete kind, owing to the delicate position in which the Belgians and Dutch found themselves. 
('Belgians', 'Dutch')  Special material for the 12th May shows that the French and Allied forces including Dutch and Belgians had up to that date accounted for 300 planes. 
('Belgians', 'Dutch')  In addition to Dutch and Belgians there are a nunber of Germans arriving who are so-called. 
('Belgians', 'Dutch')  His view is that the various foreign governments here which now include Poles, Norwegians and Dutch and in a slightly different category the French, Czechs and Belgians, should be responsible for their own nationals and for seeing that they are harnessed into our national effort. 
('Belgians', 'Dutch')  had not got these allied governments here there would be many people who would argue that if the Germans came to terms with the Dutch, Belgians, Danes etc. 
('Bank', 'England')  The indictions are that the infomation was imparted by Aneurin Bevan to it the Bank of England, who subsequently leaked, as a notoriously unreliable person who gave us a great deal of trouble during the war. 
('Bank', 'England')  Bank of England, Liaison with -	173. 
('Bank', 'England')  NOVEMBER 21st Rowe-Dutton of the Treasury has written to us to say that the Bank of England are very anxious to arrange a procedure for carry- ing out investigations when a telegram which excites their interest reaches them from the censorship. 
('Bank', 'England')  We have also discovered that Mrs ELAM has paid 150 in Bank of England notes into her special account. 
('Bank', 'England')  There has however been an interesting development in the tracing of the Bank of England notes. 
('Bank', 'England')  Snow has returned with 650 in dollars and Bank of England notes. 
('Bank', 'England')  The Bank of England have been interesting themselves in the distribution of forged Treasury notes abroad which they believe to. 
('Bank', 'England')  Ned is making enquiries about the supply, of notes by the Bank of England and the Big Five to the Bank of Spain, on similar lines to the enquiries he is making in regard to the Yokohama Specie Bank. 
('Bank', 'England')  Ned has also discovered that certain Bank of England notes of high denom- ination which were obtained at the beginning of the war by Albert de BARY of Amsterdam, passed through the hands of Prince Paul of Serbia. 
('Aliens', 'I')  I said that what had really brought the visa into disrepute was the lack of state in the Aliens Branch of the Home Office for dealing with applications. 
('Aliens', 'I')  I felt that we were rather closing the door of the Home office and that if we could get them to mechanise Post Report there was a possibility of extending the scheme to the whole of the Aliens Register. 
('Aliens', 'I')  I had a discussion with Potter about the mechanisation of Post Report and the Aliens Register. 
('Aliens', 'I')  to-day I raised again the question of the mechanisation of Post Report and the Central Aliens Register. 
('Aliens', 'I')  I told the Committee that as it stood to-day the Aliens Register was purely alphabetical, and that as far as I knew there was no way of ascertaining what Hungarians or other nationalities were in this country, except by sending a circular letter to all chief Constables. 
('Aliens', 'I')  He said that Article I of the Aliens Order would have to be amended and special provision made for the registration of aliens coming to this country from Eire. 
('Aliens', 'I')  I saw Jones, Lodge and Weiler from the Home Office Aliens Branch, on the question of the mechanisation of Post Report and the Central Aliens Register. 
('Aliens', 'I')  I enquired of the Aliens Branch what the position was and was told by Ralfe and Perke that instructions had been sent to act on our list circulated to ports, but that this had just been cancelled on Maxwell's instructions. 
('Aliens', 'I')  According to this morning's paper, the embarkation of enemy aliens is to be allowed to continue for 7 days, I confirmed that this was the case with the Aliens Branch. 
('Act', 'Official')  I confined myself to saying that it would be almost impossible to us to prosecute under the Official Secrets Act if an official release was made, and I suggested that when making the handout something might perhaps be said to the press to the effect that the Official release did not authorise them to publish all sorts of stories that they might have already got written up in their lockers. 
('Act', 'Official')  F.J. and Clayton discussed with me the question of sending the recommendations of the Bridges Panel about retiring officials signing the Official Secrets Act to Dominions and Colonies. 
('Act', 'Official')  Reggie Gibbs came in to see me about certain security matters affecting atomic research and the provision of a particular kind of ?oke from Holland, which was being done through Shell Petroleum Co. Gibbs and half a dozen others had been asked to sign the Official Secrets Act form. 
('Act', 'Official')  I said, after consultation with Hill, that while he could proceed under the Army Act and under Section 2 of the Official Secrets Act, this would obviously get him no where. 
('Act', 'Official')  that PINTO had served in M.I.5., that he was therefore subject to the Official Secrets Act, and that if he said anything disclosing official secrets, both he and the B.B.C. 
('Act', 'Official')  They will probably be interrogated under the Official Secrets Act, but it is doubtful whether we shall prosecute. 
('Act', 'Official')  The case against him is not considered strong enough to warrant a prosecution under the Official Secrets Act but he is to be interrogated in prison pending his deportation. 
('Act', 'Official')  wants to prosecute under the Official Secrets Act but V.V. 
('Act', 'Official')  40 people are employed on the work and it is now suggested that they should be asked to sign the Official Secrets Act. 
('Perrin', 'Portal')  Perrin thought that we ought to have a meeting with Portal and Cockcroft, and that at this stage we should not call in Rowlands. 
('Perrin', 'Portal')  Lord Portal took the Chair and Perrin and Sir John Cockcroft were present. 
('Perrin', 'Portal')  We had, however, reviewed all the evidence in the light of this interrogation in conjunction with Lord Portal, Mr. Perrin, and Sir John Cockcroft. 
('Perrin', 'Portal')  This information has been explained to Perrin and Portal. 
('Perrin', 'Portal')  -------------- I attended a meeting to-day, called by Lord Portal, at which Rowlands, Perrin, and Cockcroft were present. 
('Perrin', 'Portal')  -------------- Dick and I attended a meeting in Roger Makins' room at the Foreign Office, at which Perrin was present, to discuss a point made by Portal. 
('Perrin', 'Portal')  in person, which was to the effect that Perrin and Portal had made some statement to representatives of the American Atomic Energy Commission over here to the effect that we had a representative in Washington, and that someone. 
('Perrin', 'Portal')  Perrin has told Dick that Portal, who dislikes Civil Service control of D.At.En., intends to get rid of anyone who is in any way tainted, and the Ministry of Supply refuse to act, he will make it clear to the P.M. that he cannot any longer accept responsibility. 
('Marriott', 'Martin')  Marriott and Martin have seen Carey Foster on the Washington case. 
('Marriott', 'Martin')  I had a discussion with Dick, Horrocks, Mitchell, M.E., Marriott and Martin about our meeting with S.I.S. 
('Marriott', 'Martin')  I had a long talk with Dick, Martin, Marriott and M.E. 
('Marriott', 'Martin')  Marriott and Martin gave me a sketch of the progress in the FUCHS and PEIRLS case, and also in the Australian case. 
('Marriott', 'Martin')  I had a further discussion with Marriott and Martin about the FUCHS case. 
('Marriott', 'Martin')  Martin and Marriott came to talked to me about the FUCHS case. 
('Marriott', 'Martin')  Neither Martin nor Marriott are in the lease shaken in the belief that FUCHS is the man we are after. 
('Marriott', 'Martin')  Marriott and Martin came in to tell me that a telegram from Washington considerably amplified the previous one in connection with the FUCHS care. 
('I', 'Sunday')  On the 16th I lunched with Gay and saw her agains on Sunday 17th. 
('I', 'Sunday')  He dictated a covering letter to the Prime Minister in which I got him to include a phrase to the effect that he considered this draft more satisfactory than the original one, and he undertook to hand the copies to each of the Cabinet Ministers concerned on Sunday morning, when he would be seeing them. 
('I', 'Sunday')  I told him that the report had been dealt with by The Times, Weekly Review, The Sunday Dispatch and a special weekly called Tidings by 22 Douglas Reed. 
('I', 'Sunday')  15th October I discussed the Sunday Times leakage case with Hill. 
('I', 'Sunday')  84 15th October I discussed the Sunday Times leakage case with Hill. 
('I', 'Sunday')  I arranged that he should have a car to visit Windsor on Sunday. 
('I', 'Sunday')  It seemed to me a little curious that he should have volunteered this information - the more so since I heard afterwards that the Sunday Graphic had told an informant of ours that he had got all the information he wanted from the Yard! 
('I', 'Sunday')  In the afternoon I saw Duff-Cooper in order to explain to him that I had taken his name in vain on Sunday night by getting Rothschild to convey a message from him to Malcolm MacDonald about the publicity in the JANOWSKI case. 
('I', 'RUTLAND')  asked me whether I was in on the RUTLAND case. 
('I', 'RUTLAND')  He then asked me what I thought about RUTLAND. 
('I', 'RUTLAND')  I said that as RUTLAND had visited both the Air Ministry and N.I.D. 
('I', 'RUTLAND')  Apparently the D. N. I legal advisers after scrutinising the case had come to the following conclusion (a) that the interrogation failed to show that thearrest of RUTLAND was desirable or necessary (b) that there was no guidance to the Admiralty as to whether RUTLAND should be used as A XX agent (c) that the interrogation disclosed the secret workings of the Security Service. 
('I', 'RUTLAND')  I told him that the interrogation was not held for the express purpose of deciding whether RUTLAND should be arrested or not. 
('I', 'RUTLAND')  RUTLAND has been thoroughly scared and I do not think he is likely to do anything. 
('I', 'RUTLAND')  was interfering in a matter which was not his concern, I could see no harm in the action we had taken since the B.J.s were already in the D.N.I.s possession and the remainder of the information was old and was in fact made use of by us in break- ing RUTLAND down. 
('I', 'RUTLAND')  I then referred to another aspect of the RUTLAND case, namely that although the full facts of this case had been known in America for 5 weeks we were only given 48 hours notice of his arrival at Foynes, and heard nothing of any consequence until arrival. 
('I', 'Moore')  Later in the day I called on Moore and left with him a paper giving our views (a) on the question of revealing strategic deception as a whole contrary to the Joint Chiefs of Staff ruling and (b) on the danger to both Garbo and Brutus in the light of recent revelations which made it clear that the battle of Normandy was fought almost entirely on their information. 
('I', 'Moore')  Moore then asked me too provide him with some alternative draft, which I did. 
('I', 'Moore')  I handed a paper in which I put forward the same arguments that I had already put to Col. Moore. 
('I', 'Moore')  I saw Roger Moore for i moment. 
('I', 'Moore')  I told him that Norman Archer was saying on the advice of Boland that the IRA were in funds, Roger Moore thought this was extremely doubtful. 
('I', 'Moore')  I went to Belfast where I saw Roger Moore and Pym, of the U.I.G. 
('I', 'Moore')  I knew Roger Moore personally and he always came to see me when he was in this country. 
('I', 'Moore')  I suggested to [redacted] that Carrol himself might be the subject of attention by the I.R.A., in view of the liaison that he had now had for many years with the North, and that he was, therefore, anxious to cease contact with Roger Moore and was consequently trying to scare him out of the Force: then saying that he could not conduct a liaison with his successor. 
('I', 'Marshal')  I saw Air Vice Marshal Baker about allowing Shotter to wear uniform in the Middle East, and also to take promotion. 
('I', 'Marshal')  I saw Air Vice Marshal Elmhirst, and Pendred, the new A.C.A.S.I., in relation to a proposal that a scientific Advisory Panel should be set up for consultation by the Services as and when necessary. 
('I', 'Marshal')  I mentioned Air Marshal Evill's report at the D.G's meeting and suggested that we should consider it and put forward our views in case the report was sent back to the J.I.C. 
('I', 'Marshal')  I mentioned Air Marshal Eyill's report at the D.G's meeting and suggested that we should consider it and put forward our views in case the report was sent back to the J.I.C. 
('I', 'Marshal')  I mentioned Air Marshal Evill's report at the D.G's meeting and suggested that we should consider it and put forward our views in case the report was sent back to the J.I.C. 
('I', 'Marshal')  of I and myself were on the platform with Air Marshal Slessor in the Chair. 
('I', 'Marshal')  I saw Mr. Hayman, Personal staff officer to Air Marshal Elliott. 
('I', 'Marshal')  to-day I spoke to Air Vice Marshal Freseanges about I said that there were two things which seemed to us important:. 
('I', 'Malcolm')  Roger took me over to see Malcolm McDonald to whom I explained our set up in the F.E. 
('I', 'Malcolm')  I has a talk wit Alec and Malcolm Cumming about sending McMillan to Malaya, McMillan cannot spare the time to stay more than a few days in the ares; it is therefore necessary that as much of the ground should be cleared as possible so that full use can be made of his expert advice. 
('I', 'Malcolm')  I told Thistle he had better work the matter out with Malcolm Cumming. 
('I', 'Malcolm')  As regards the Persians, I gather that Malcolm Cumming could give some wholly innocuous talk. 
('I', 'Malcolm')  Malcolm tells me that in the case of LINKIEWICZ, about which I took so much trouble with Newsam, it has now been discovered that there is no brother in Scotland at the hostel where he is said to reside, nor anywhere else. 
('I', 'Malcolm')  I told Malcolm Cumming what I had said. 
('I', 'Malcolm')  I told Medlam to makeout a memo on the subject and to send it to Malcolm cumming with a copy to myself. 
('I', 'Malcolm')  In the afternoon I saw Duff-Cooper in order to explain to him that I had taken his name in vain on Sunday night by getting Rothschild to convey a message from him to Malcolm MacDonald about the publicity in the JANOWSKI case. 
('I', 'Luke')  I told him to talk to Luke who knew the form. 
('I', 'Luke')  I spent a very enjoyable evening at a dinner organised by Ian Wilson Christopher Harmer and Bill Luke, at which a number of old war-time B. 
('I', 'Luke')  Luke will, I gather, be seeing the D.G. 
('I', 'Luke')  I say Luke, Goresuch, Johnson, and Barton of the Colonial Office, when I told then the purpose of my visit to West Africa. 
('I', 'Luke')  Luke has in mind making an approach to C for the services of I said I did not think that he would be a bad choice. 
('I', 'Luke')  Dick and T. A. R. and I were all agreed that in the circumstances Luke would be the best man to send since his wife is a friend of Smuts and he knows S.Africa well. 
('I', 'Luke')  I saw Luke and told him that we proposed to send him out to S. Africa. 
('I', 'Luke')  I haveimpressed both on Webster ind Luke that on no account should these photographs be handed over to Smuts. 
('I', 'King')  In the afternoon I went to the House of Commons where I heard Mekenzie King speak on the espionage case. 
('I', 'King')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hollis, Tar, Mrs. Quinn, and Miss Russell King, about our relations with the Dutches. 
('I', 'King')  I do not know how they can reconcile their conscience on this matter, unlees they regard the Oath of Allegiance to the King as a mere formality. 
('I', 'King')  Dick and I saw King, who is to work under Pat Reilly in the co-ordination of Russian or Communist affairs as between the Southern Department, I.R.D. 
('I', 'King')  ne King refused to see him, but I gather that he is sending some communication indica ting that Stein is persona grata. 
('I', 'King')  We have received a report from the censorship that De V. was proposing to fly over and see the King regarding the two I.R.A. 
('I', 'King')  He came here from Holland and I strongly suspect that he has been making enquiries into the case on behalf of the 2eme bureau who probably suspected our bona fides in view of Hans ARNHEIM's connection with a British officer and with Stephen King-Hall on whose behalf he says he went to Tunis. 
('I', 'King')  The blow today is the order of the King of the Belgians to his army to surrender, I gather that this matter had been under consideration for 3-4 days and that the King came to his decision after hearing that the British Army intended to get out as best they could. 
('I', 'Justice')  I dined with Lord Justice Lawrence at his villa outside Nuremburg - nobody could have been nicer. 
('I', 'Justice')  of Justice and Einthoven, it might be possible to make arrangements for a nucleous to come over here, I agreed, but said that I felt it was even more impor- tant for the Dutch to establish a useful stay-behind organisation. 
('I', 'Justice')  I was solely interested in the elucidation of all the facts, and if the prosecution were trying to build up their case in this king of way, there might well be a miscarriage of Justice. 
('I', 'Justice')  of Justice and Einthoven, it might be possible to make arrangements for a nucleous to come over here, I agreed, but said that I felt it was even more impor- tant for the Dutch to establish a useful stay-behind organisation. 
('I', 'Justice')  I lunched vith van Movland and he gave me his new credentials, which establish him as liaison officer with the Department of Justice, detached from the Embassy. 
('I', 'Justice')  He asked me if I could say a good work for GOOSSEN of the Department of Justice, who was going to America to discuss drug traffic and smuggling. 
('I', 'Justice')  I told Wood that Birkett had been a thorn in our side since the beginning of the war and had I known he was coming to Canada I would certainly have given him a warning, Wood got in a representative of the department of Justice who was apparently responsible for handling internment policy. 
('I', 'Justice')  I lunched with the Belgian Prime Minister Pierlot, Minister of Justice Delfosse and -apage of the Belgian Surete. 
('I', 'Japanese')  He said that as an enthusiast about Japanese swords he had for some time had dealings with the firm of BAPTY & Co., who have a small shop somewhere off the Haymarket (this firm is well known to us, but I do not think there is anything wrong. 
('I', 'Japanese')  He said that as an enthusiast about Japanese swords he had for some time had dealings with the firm of BAPTY & Co., who have a small shop somewhere off the Haymarket (this firm is well known to us, but I do not think there is anything wrong. 
('I', 'Japanese')  He said that as an enthusiast about Japanese swords he had for some time had 151 dealings with the firm of BAPTY & Co., who have a small shop somewhere off the Haymarket (this firm is well known to us, but I do not think there is anything wrong. 
('I', 'Japanese')  I had a long talk with Maude today about leakage through the Japanese. 
('I', 'Japanese')  I am told that in fact there is no basis whatever for the accusations made, It seems that the Japanese police and military are being pressed by the very strong German colony in Tokio to embarrass us as far as possible in the Far East. 
('I', 'Japanese')  While I was at lunch I saw Courtney Young sitting with a Japanese half-caste whom I suspected to be Donald. 
('I', 'Japanese')  I asked them whether it would do any good if I spoke to External Affairs and impressed them with the dangers of the situation, since we knew perfectly well at home that all the Spanish Consuls were acting for the Germans and that any information which reached Madrid was handed over immediately to the Germans and Japanese. 
('I', 'Japanese')  I had a long talk with Robertson of External Affairs when he told me that the policy as regards Japanese wa to evacuate them as far as possible from the Pacific Coast. 
('I', 'Italians')  I gather that the matter was somewhat urgent, as until the clearance is given certain documents and equipment cannot be supplied to the Italians under the Atlantic Charter agreement. 
('I', 'Italians')  I have given instructions for all suspect Italians to be placed on the Balck* List. 
('I', 'Italians')  I said I would look him up but thought that on form he would probably be passing on anything of interest to the Italians, who would pass it on to the Germans. 
('I', 'Italians')  I cannot think why we do not ask the Italians whether they are supposed to be making war against us or whether we are supposed to be making war against them. 
('I', 'Italians')  At the board meeting this morning I explained about the Italian situation and suggested that Harry should warn the soldiers that there was a proposal to dump back in Italy as many Italians as we possibly could. 
('I', 'Italians')  640 HESS, A, 946 HESON 359,361,919 HILLSON 932 HINCE 745 HOUSE 945 775 I. Iceland 635,676 703,014 India Interavia 750 Irish Priests 686 Irish Seamen 757 ISBA 639 ISOS 904,914,925,934 Italians in Ireland 356 ITURRALDE 603 JANOWSKI 922,926,937 OJOJINSON. 
('I', 'Italians')  I think only roughly between 2 and 3,000 Germans, a similar number of Italians and perhaps 4,000 Japs. 
('I', 'Italians')  June 6th I heard in the office that there was evidence, obtained in Erinidad, that the Italians were using the Spanish diplomatic bag for communication with S. America. 
('Herbert', 'I')  I gather that the matter had something to do with D.Ps and that the two Albanians were implying that Herbert had some kind of Government authority, although this was by no means clear. 
('Herbert', 'I')  The latter is a friend of Herbert Hart's and I have met him before. 
('Herbert', 'I')  I dined with Frost and Herbert and we had a long conversation about the H.B.B.S. 
('Herbert', 'I')  I asked him how it was that he had come on to the Centre, He said that it was through Herbert and possibly through Joe Ball. 
('Herbert', 'I')  Herbert thought that his services could not be dispensed with but felt that a very useful purpose could be served by Gibbs getting into touch with S. I.S. 
('Herbert', 'I')  I decided to discuss this matter with Herbert and obtin his agreement and then to speak to the D.G. 
('Herbert', 'I')  April 25th I had lunch with Herbert and showed him afterwards at the D.G. 
('Herbert', 'I')  I went back to New York on the 4 o'clock train and dined with Herbert at the Plaza. 
('Haylor', 'I')  He would prefer to remain with the Control Commission and I gather that Ronnie Haylor is anxious to keep him. 
('Haylor', 'I')  If however he wrote us a letter I would pass it on to Ronnie Haylor. 
('Haylor', 'I')  It was decided: (a) that I should speak to Craufurd; (b) that Haylor was already warned; (c) that there was no particular poin in talking to Alley; (a) that Dick would speak to Douglas Roberts; (e) that Derbyshire should gradually extract himself without giving offence; (1) that we should continue observation on "SHARKEY". 
('Haylor', 'I')  It was decided : (a) that I should speak to Craufurd; (b) that Haylor was already warned; (c) that there was no particular point in talking to Alley; (d) that Dick would speak to Douglas Roberts; (e) that Derbyshire should gradually extract himself without giving offence; (f) that we should continue observation on "SHARKEY". 
('Haylor', 'I')  Dick and I think that Haylor should be head of the whole show and that we should appoint somebody else from our own staff to deal with the intelligence side. 
('Haylor', 'I')  I had a talk with Haylor about S.I.S. 
('Haylor', 'I')  Haylor and I had a meeting with Viv. 
('Haylor', 'I')  He made a good impression and I am suggesting that he might be employed as a No.2 O to Haylor at the R.F.S. 
('Front', 'I')  I congratulated him on his work and explained to him on the basis of Roger Fleetwood-Hesketh's enquiries what an immensely important part it had played in the operations on the Second Front. 
('Front', 'I')  I said that Charlie was probably not more Left Wing than Sybil Thorndike; that he had come under review during the Hollywood purge; that he was the kind of person who might well give money to the various Front organisations, but that we had no evidence to show that he was a member of the Communist Party. 
('Front', 'I')  August 18th At the D.G.s meeting I asked about the position of M.I.5 in relation to the Second Front. 
('Front', 'I')  with Harry Allen in the chair which discussed the duties which might be assigned to various M. I. branches when the Second Front opened. 
('Front', 'I')  I had a discussion with the D. G. about our obligations on the Second Front. 
('Front', 'I')  I gather also that de COURCY has been talking about the Second Front and that he is in close contact with Kennedy of the Planning Dept. 
('Front', 'I')  In the meantime I have written to G.P about Mobile Units and the Second Front. 
('Front', 'I')  After giving a short account of the work of the various organisations in America, and Canada, I summarised the position as I saw it today on the Home Front. 
('FUCHS', 'Perrin')  Perrin told us on Friday that it had been impossible to hold the Aricans and that Harwell, including FUCHS and PEIERLS, would now know how the commation had been obtained. 
('FUCHS', 'Perrin')  Perrin came over to discuss the FUCHS. 
('FUCHS', 'Perrin')  We undertook to explore the legal position about getting rid of a civil servant, while Perrin said that he would make enquiries about & possible University job for FUCHS. 
('FUCHS', 'Perrin')  Perrin came over, when we discussed the FUCHS interrogation. 
('FUCHS', 'Perrin')  Perrin will summon FUCHS and Burt will make the arrest. 
('FUCHS', 'Perrin')  Perrin has very much eased the situation by agreeing that FUCHS statement can be read out in full in open Court. 
('FUCHS', 'Perrin')  He was further reinforced in this view by a statement made by FUCHS to Perrin that the Russians had made enquiries about a pin in the atomic bomb, which seemed to indicate that they were very wide of the mark. 
('FUCHS', 'Perrin')  There was a special discussion on the FUCHS case, during which Hollis and Perrin explained the circumstances in which FUCHS came into the atomic energy project and the reasons why he was not detected for so long. 
('FUCHS', 'Marriott')  discussed with John Marriott and myself the FUCHS case. 
('FUCHS', 'Marriott')  Marriott and Martin gave me a sketch of the progress in the FUCHS and PEIRLS case, and also in the Australian case. 
('FUCHS', 'Marriott')  I had a further discussion with Marriott and Martin about the FUCHS case. 
('FUCHS', 'Marriott')  Martin and Marriott came to talked to me about the FUCHS case. 
('FUCHS', 'Marriott')  Neither Martin nor Marriott are in the lease shaken in the belief that FUCHS is the man we are after. 
('FUCHS', 'Marriott')  Marriott and Martin came in to tell me that a telegram from Washington considerably amplified the previous one in connection with the FUCHS care. 
('FUCHS', 'Marriott')  Skardon gave an account of his interview with FUCHS to the D.G., Dick, Marriott, Robertson and myself. 
('FUCHS', 'Marriott')  Marriott made it clear that, in a case such as that of FUCHS, only an intensive investigation of a continuous period of three to four months could even hope to give any results and that, at the outside, our resources would only allow two to three such cases to be investigated simultaneously. 
('Dwyer', 'I')  C. was not very clear what Peter Dwyer was doing but suspected that I shout have a word with Philby. 
('Dwyer', 'I')  I dined with Petar Dwyer and his wife. 
('Dwyer', 'I')  In the evening I dined with Carnac, McLelland who is in charge of Corby, and Peter Dwyer. 
('Dwyer', 'I')  I pointed out that Peter Dwyer, although an excellent fellow and doing extremely well, so actually doing our work in Canada and that there seemed to be a very positive need for somebody from our dept. 
('Dwyer', 'I')  I said that Peter Dwyer was doing excellent work and that he was thoroughly persona grata with everybody. 
('Dwyer', 'I')  I shall discuss this with the DG before I have a talk with C. Dick Ellis whom I saw at the club thinks that I am going to encounter considerable opposition mainly due to Vivian who takes the view that if we have a representative there we shall cut out Dwyer. 
('Dwyer', 'I')  I was insistant that if we had an officer there he should not share his office with Peter Dwyer. 
('Dwyer', 'I')  It would have been possible, I suppose, for Peter Dwyer to wade through every single document and to send us a copy of the diary, and it may well be that if we had had our own representative there, who would have had an M.I.5 rather than an M.I.6 approach to the problem, this would have been done. 
('Dublin', 'I')  I dined in Dublin with MCKENNA, ARCHER, DAN and DOC. 
('Dublin', 'I')  When returning from Ireland after my holiday, I took the opportunity of staying two days in Dublin and of making contact with the British Ambassador (Laithwaite) and the [redacted]. 
('Dublin', 'I')  I said that on the facts as stated, I did not think that, even 1f such a thing were possible to arrange, there was much likelihood of obtaining any information of value from the Czech records in Dublin. 
('Dublin', 'I')  Personally I think it is quite out of the question to consider posting agents outside the German Legation in Dublin. 
('Dublin', 'I')  He had thought a at first that it might have been a submarine but he thinks that as it came up a second time on the same bearings hit must definitely be an illicit station, He then mentioned the recent outrage in Dublin, where an attempt had been made by the I.R.A. 
('Dublin', 'I')  Walsh was extremely friendly and was very anxious that I should go over to Dublin as soon as it was convenient. 
('Dublin', 'I')  I feel that while it was a good thing for Burt to go to N. Ireland it mightbe dangerous for him to go to Dublin in view of the fact that his connection with our office had been published in the press. 
('Dublin', 'I')  I was told that Dunraven was getting out 576 his coach in order to run a coach service between Foynes and Dublin, owing to petrol shortage. 
('Donald', 'I')  Roger and I went over to see Sir Donald. 
('Donald', 'I')  I asked Sir Donald whether he would be kind enough to let us have, from time to time, any information which might come his way relating to disputes within the mining industry and of the individuals who were at the back of them. 
('Donald', 'I')  10th October Roger and I went over to see Sir Donald Ferguson, P.U.S. 
('Donald', 'I')  I asked Sir Donald whether he would be kind enough to let us have, from time to time, any information which might come his way relating to disputes within the mining industry and of the individuals who were at the back of them. 
('Donald', 'I')  While I was at lunch I saw Courtney Young sitting with a Japanese half-caste whom I suspected to be Donald. 
('Donald', 'I')  It may be that there is no girl but that Donald managed to get hold of the Stop List to which I think he would not normally have access. 
('Donald', 'I')  The position is more difficult than I thought since Donald does not apparently know MATSUMOTO and it would therefore be difficult to find a plausible excuse for bringing them together. 
('Donald', 'I')  550 I had a discussion with Dick and Courtney Young about making use of YAMADA to find out more about Donald. 
('Director', 'I')  Personally, I thought that the whole purpose of getting rid of Deputy Director was to make us more flexible, but evidently an establishment for Senior Officers has now been obtained from the Treasury which puts us back more or less where we started. 
('Director', 'I')  I said that, subject to anything my Director-General had to say and to British Colonial office approval, such an arrangement would be entirely acceptable to ourselves, and should do much to improve the flow of information, The French will, therefore, expect confirmation of the tentative agreement reached. 
('Director', 'I')  He said the only ones he could remember were Dudley COLLARD, Ivor MONTAGUE, Geoffrey BYNG, and a man called GOLDBLUM, who, I think, he said was the Managing Director of Marks and Spencer, There were apparently a certain number of others on his list, and he said that if anyone was interested he, LANGDON-DAVIES, would be glad to discuss these people in greater detail. 
('Director', 'I')  Division would not want another Director, in which case we should have to find someone else for C. Division on the assumption that Hollis would be the right man to assist Dick in B. I have arranged a meeting for to-morrow and have asked Dick to come up from Barrow Elm. 
('Director', 'I')  about my conversation with Newsam, which I thought might provide the answer to the present delay in regard to increases of salary under Chorley for offices of Director rank and upward. 
('Director', 'I')  His present proposal was that when Horrocks and I leave, the three main Directors should be B., C. and D.O.S., that Establishments should be down- graded to Assistant Director, and that three or four Assistant Directors should assist the Directors of B. and C, and presumably O.S. 
('Director', 'I')  I would then call upon the Director who differed to justify his proposal. 
('Director', 'I')  I explained to him that it was the Security Service who had recruited most of these agents for its own purposes, namely counter-espionage and that I was quite sure that my Director General would not agree to to any arrangement that did not give him the final word in any circumstances which might affect their future. 
('Dick', 'Hill')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hill! 
('Dick', 'Hill')  Dick, F.J., Graham, Hill and I had a discussion on the draft report of the Working Party set up to consider the desirability of having a tribunal to deal with Communists in industry. 
('Dick', 'Hill')  I had a further meeting with Dick, Graham, F.J. and Hill on Communists in industry. 
('Dick', 'Hill')  I had a meeting about the war Book with Charles, Dick, Roger and Hill. 
('Dick', 'Hill')  I had a word with Kellar and Dick and Hill about the arms traffic. 
('Dick', 'Hill')  [redacted] came over and I gave him the story about FUCHS, in the presence of Dick, John, James, Skardon, and Hill. 
('Dick', 'Hill')  I got the file and subsequently discussed the matter with Hill and Dick. 
('Dick', 'Hill')  I had a meeting with Hill and Dick about the case of Dr. Paul WEST, a naturalised-British journalist of German origin, who had been communicating information to a Dr. PLATOW in Germany about the Anglo-German Debts Conference in London. 
('Cussen', 'Stephens')  He could not give any definite opinion, but, as far as he and Cussen could see, they ought to be able satisfactorily to dispose of the suggestions that Stephens was a party to the third-degree methods used at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Cussen', 'Stephens')  26th July Cussen and Dick Butler came to discuss the Stephens case with the D.G. 
('Cussen', 'Stephens')  It was agreed that an attempt should be made to get Stephens over here, and that failing that Cussen should go out during the next weekend. 
('Cussen', 'Stephens')  He could not give any definite opinion, but, as far as he and Cussen couid see, they ought to be able satisfactorily to dispose of the suggestions that Stephens was a party to the third-degree methods used at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Cussen', 'Stephens')  Cussen advised that Stephens should wait until he received notice of a court martial, and should then state that he wished to communicate with Charles Russell & Co., his solicitors in London, and to be represented. 
('Cussen', 'Stephens')  26th July Cussen and Dick Butler came to discuss the Stephens case with the D.G. 
('Cussen', 'Stephens')  It was agreed that an attempt should be made to get Stephens over here, and that failing that Cussen should go out during the next weekend. 
('Cussen', 'Stephens')  He could not give any definite opinion, but, as far as he and Cussen couid see, they ought to be able satisfactorily to dispose of the suggestions that Stephens was a party to the third-degree methods used at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Column', 'I')  I replied that we had for many years made a careful study of Fifth Column movements in this country, that as a result of this we had compiled considerable records and had a fairly comprehensive knowledge of methods and tactics. 
('Column', 'I')  I made it clear that the purpose of the Security Executive, as set out in the papers, namely, an organisation to deal with all Fifth Column was correctly stated, in that in 1940 Lord Swinton had so described its functions, having entirely overlooked the fact that the Fifth Column was the sole raison d'etre of the Security Service. 
('Column', 'I')  I said that logically I thought they were rightly placed in that section, since the potential alien 5th Column in this country was as much a B.1 commitment as the C.P.G.B. 
('Column', 'I')  I also talked to him about the internment of 5th Column here in time of war. 
('Column', 'I')  I attended the inaugural meeting of the sub-committee of the Home Policy Executive, at which 5th Column activities were discussed. 
('Column', 'I')  rang up to ask whether I would see Somerset Maugham, who is being sent to America by the Ministry of Information to enlighten the Americans on the 5th Column. 
('Column', 'I')  Other subjects I dealt with were Neutral Embassies and Legations, 5th Column and sabotage. 
('Column', 'I')  I feel that he should really co-ordinate all sections in the office which take a hand in 5th Column cases. 
('Colonies', 'I')  I also said that I thought we should have to retain some pied-a-terre in the Colonies. 
('Colonies', 'I')  He thought it would be a bad thing to give the impression that we were running Colonies from America and if there were an officer there for that purpose it might invite criticism if Congress got on to it, I said I did not think that this need happen. 
('Colonies', 'I')  -------------- At the D.G's meeting, when I was in the chair, Shaw said that the Americans, through diplomatic channels, were enquiring about the security of certain key points in the Colonies - bauxite in British Guiana was a case in point. 
('Colonies', 'I')  (a) I could not see why the Colonial office should be apprehensive about the appointment, since if it was the intention of the French to report on subversive movements in British Colonies in West Africa, they already had a Consul in Accra who had probably been doing this for some time. 
('Colonies', 'I')  I said that as regards the Colonies, I thought we ought to be very sure that sufficient security could be achieved to make technical aids profitable before we started to lecture on the subject. 
('Colonies', 'I')  While the task is not an easy one, I urged Stephens tactfully to persuade the Colonies to give their own documents the proper distribution. 
('Colonies', 'I')  (ii) While it is, of course, important to obtain information from adjacent foreign territories, I think the French have more to fear from the general trend of events in our Colonies than we have from the activities of the R.D.A., or other subversive organisations in theirs. 
('Colonies', 'I')  I have asked him to let us have his comments as to the undesirability of this publication being allowed to circulate here or in the Colonies. 
('Canadian', 'I')  We confined ourselves to generalities and back history as I was not au fait in any very great detail about the Canadian case. 
('Canadian', 'I')  I was asked whether there was any objection to our Canadian espionage report, which is to be embodied as an Appendix of the J.I.C. 
('Canadian', 'I')  He talked about the Canadian spy case and was very interested to see a copy of the Royal Commission's report I lent him a copy. 
('Canadian', 'I')  I presume that he has now become a Canadian citizen. 
('Canadian', 'I')  Wren has in his section Gavin Young, a Canadian who is more or less new to the game, Ronnie Sinclaie, Mrs. Silverston (Sylvanus Vivian's daughter), Mrs. Montague, the wife of Ewen Montague of N.I.D., and one other lady whose name I forget. 
('Canadian', 'I')  June 8th and I called on Col. Murray who is G.S.O.I to the Canadian D. M. I., in order to discuss Springbok's traffic. 
('Canadian', 'I')  I talked to Captain Brand and Little of the Canadian N.I.D. 
('Canadian', 'I')  July 5th I had a talk with Bailey, the Canadian Professor who is in charge of Stephenson's communications. 
('Calais', 'Pas')  Jodi realised that something had gone wrong and that the start had made a miscalculation about the possibility of attack in the Pas de Calais. 
('Calais', 'Pas')  Asked when he first came to the conclusion that an attack in the Pas de Calais had been abandoned he said that it was when units of Patton's Army began to appear in the bridgehead. 
('Calais', 'Pas')  If therefore the world is to be told that the Germans were deceived through emphasis being laid on all attack from the Pas de Calais this disclosure will certainly point the finger at GARBO and BRUTUS. 
('Calais', 'Pas')  Jodl himself considered that the Pas de Calais FUSAG threat was off by the middle of July when formations of the 3rd U.S. Army began to appear in Normandy. 
('Calais', 'Pas')  He admitted reluctantly, since his loyalty to Hitler's memory is absolute, that the retention of a considerable part on the 15th Army in the Pas de Calais until long after was due to the Fuhrer's own persistent belief in the continuing possibility of a landing in that area. 
('Calais', 'Pas')  Keitel was shown Garbo's message of June 9th 1944 and is of opinion that the decision of the OKW to divert the 2 panzer divisions and 4 infantry divisions destined to reinforce Rundstedt to the Pas de Calais, the Lagebericht of the Loth which formed part of Jodl's diary draws attention to a report from Madrid and also to a British propaganda directive as the evidence on which these tactical moves were carried out. 
('Calais', 'Pas')  Unfortunately the actual reports have been destroyed but the one from Madrid and the propaganda directive almost certainly refers to Garbo's message in which he pointed out that his contact in the MOI had been told that no mention was to be made of the Pas de Calais. 
('Calais', 'Pas')  It was lucky that they did take this view since it reinforced the Pas de Calais idea. 
('Burt', 'Cussen')  Burt and Cussen have returned from Madrid. 
('Burt', 'Cussen')  Roger, Burt, Cussen, Sinclair and I had a meeting about handling MAY. 
('Burt', 'Cussen')  Akers came over to discuss the MAY case, Hollis Cussen and Burt being also present. 
('Burt', 'Cussen')  I had a long meeting with Burt, TAR, Hunter, Wilkinson of S.B., Cussen and Sargent of D.3 on the case of the man who went to the French Embassy with plans from Hawkers. 
('Burt', 'Cussen')  Burt, Skardon and Cussen came to see me about the Admiralty case of the discovery of part of a letter accusing certain members of the War Registry of selling information. 
('Burt', 'Cussen')  August 12th Burt has told me about his visit with Cussen to see the P.M. S Swedish cook, who had clearly told a friend that that the P. M. went on a journey. 
('Burt', 'Cussen')  Codrington and Bevir of the P.M.s office were both present and interfered to such a degree the that both Burt and Cussen had to register a protest. 
('Burt', 'Cussen')  Kimball is having a talk with Cussen and Burt 750 I had a talk with Kenneth and Kembal Johnson about INTERAVIA and the Swedish Air Lines. 
('Broadway', 'I')  Dick and I went to a conference at Broadway attended by Sinclair, Vivian, [redacted] to discuss the future of CICB. 
('Broadway', 'I')  I said, moreover, that we had endeavoured to keep his officers informed of every move; this had not always been easy since Eddie Hastings was extremely elusive, he was either at Chesterfield Gardens, Eastcot, or Broadway - and 'C' added "at the races", with which I concurred. 
('Broadway', 'I')  I then went round to Broadway, where I put a similar question to 'C'. 
('Broadway', 'I')  72 I had a meeting with Viv,	Philby and 		at Broadway, about the representatives of the R.C.M.P., who wanted our assistance in vetting immigrants from this country and from the Continent. 
('Broadway', 'I')  I saw Cowgill at Broadway. 
('Broadway', 'I')  I argued that we had been faced with the difficulty of having our registry in the country but that everything was now running smoothly and that we had not suffered in consequence Felix said that all the telegrams came into St. Albans and that advance copies are sent 664 to other sections in Broadway, if they were concerned. 
('Broadway', 'I')  Charles is going to look into this, I had a meeting at Broadway with C. Dansey Viv. 
('Broadway', 'I')  I had another meeting at Broadway with C. and Viv. 
('Brigadier', 'I')  Brigadier BOYCE, whom I had seen in Delhi where he was D.D.M.I., came to see me about employment, I said that I did not know of any thing at the moment, but if he cared to fill in a form we would let him know if anything turned up. 
('Brigadier', 'I')  Brigadier BOYCE, whom I had seen in Delhi where he was D.D.M.I., came to see me about employment. 
('Brigadier', 'I')  I saw Brigadier Cochrane who is going as Chief of Staff to East Africa. 
('Brigadier', 'I')  I had a further telegram from the D.G., which I passed on tbethe D.M.I., containing a suggestion that a Brigadier Field, formerly M.A. 
('Brigadier', 'I')  I saw Brigadier Mellor and Colonel Barton to-day. 
('Brigadier', 'I')  I said that we had no information from S.I.F.E., but that a Brigadier did seem to me to be a little out of balance. 
('Brigadier', 'I')  -------------- I telephoned to Brigadier Johnstone, D.D.M.I., and gave him a brief resume or that he knew about Nicholas STRAUSSLER. 
('Brigadier', 'I')  On return I saw Brigadier French and told him what S. of S. and C.I.G.S. 
('Bevan', 'I')  Control Bill and Bevan, with whom I spoke in the absence of Leggett, feels that it may lead to considerable trouble if we try to prevent a man from taking work wherever he likes. 
('Bevan', 'I')  I. has written i letter to all members of the W.Beard stating that he thinks tnat the Chairman of the Twenty Committee should be Bevan who is in closer touch with the requirements of the Chiefs of Staff. 
('Bevan', 'I')  that I did not see that this would serve any useful purpose since Bevan was already a member of the committeee and was in constant touch with Robertson. 
('Bevan', 'I')  September 24th I attended a meeting of the W.Board at which all members were present and in addition Col. Bevan and T.A.R. 
('Bevan', 'I')  Later I attended a meeting with D.D.G., Lennox and Bevan. 
('Bevan', 'I')  I am not quite sure as to the purpose of this meeting, except perhaps for Bevan to make his number and explain his work. 
('Bevan', 'I')  I had a talk with Bevan, T. A. R., L. Hale, Lennox, Dick,Brooman-White and Harris and Marriott on the subject of co-ordinating misinformation. 
('Bevan', 'I')  I have asked Bevan to come round and talk it over. 
('BURGESS', 'Mills')  BURGESS said that he could not possibly have said anything of the kind to the Princess de ROHAN or Mrs. OLIVER, as in fact he did not know until I told him that Mills [redacted]. 
('BURGESS', 'Mills')  I saw Mills to-day and asked him to give me a brief account of his association with Guy BURGESS, when the latter visited Gibraltar and Tangier in November last. 
('BURGESS', 'Mills')  Mills said he had never heard of BURGESS until the latter rang him up late one evening immediately on his arrival, introducing himself as a friend of Robin Maugham. 
('BURGESS', 'Mills')  They went out to a hotel and, while Mills had a Bass, BURGESS had three double brandies. 
('BURGESS', 'Mills')  Later, Mills took BURGESS and his mother up to the Yacht Club in order that they might be introduced to various local residents. 
('BURGESS', 'Mills')  A day or two later, BURGESS called on Mills and his wife, when he consumed quite a lot of whiskey. 
('BURGESS', 'Mills')  Before leaving for Tangier, BURGESS rang up Mills and said he was not really sure about de ROHAN or Mrs. OLIVER and that they might, in fact, be up to anything. 
('BURGESS', 'Mills')  Ten days later, when Mills was in Tangier, he met BURGESS at a hotel where he was having a drink with one of his contacts. 
('Army', 'England')  "We knew" he said "that you had one Army Group in the south of England and one in the southeast. 
('Army', 'England')  Army Group was not in fact launched against the channel coast but its continued presence in the Southeast of England constituted a threat which it was not possible for us to ignore. 
('Army', 'England')  England we might have despatched more of the 15th Army to Normandy earlier, which might have had very serious results for yourselves." 
('Army', 'England')  of England and that if we had seen the 15th Army moved down to the bridgehead we should have in all probability struck across the Channel. 
('Army', 'England')  He had been impressed by the importance attached to OSTRO by the local Nazis, and had returned to England and joined the Territorial Army. 
('Army', 'England')  He had been impressed by the importance attached to OSTRO by the local Nazis, and had returned to England and joined the Territorial Army. 
('Army', 'England')  He had been impressed by the importance attached to OSTRO by the local Nazis, and had returned to England and joined 108 the Territorial Army. 
('Army', 'England')  After the fall of France two new considerations became important (a) it was possible that England might be invited successfully in which case the organization would be used for collecting military information about the German Army (b) it was thought that a Fascist government might arise in England which would declare war on the U.S.S.R. 
('Arabs', 'Jews')  He thought that it was quite on the cards that, although the Arabs knew that in a street fight with the Jews they could not hope to win, they might at any moment commit some outrage which would cause things to flare up. 
('Arabs', 'Jews')  It was implied that this committee had reached a conclusion that from the point of view of their oil interest, [missing] U.S. would be better advised to back the Jews, since the Arabs seemed to be too divided and unreliable. 
('Arabs', 'Jews')  As far as I can understand we are to sit on the fence, say that neither the majority report nor the minority report were wholly acceptable and that unless something could be thrashed out which would meet with the approval of the majority of Jews and Arabs, we did not intend to continue holding the baby-at any rate by ourselves. 
('Arabs', 'Jews')  It was implied that this committee had reached a conclusion that from the point of view of their oil interest the U.S. would be better advised to back the Jews, since the Arabs seemed to be too divided and unreliable. 
('Arabs', 'Jews')  As far as I can understand we are to sit on the fence, say that neither the majority report nor the minority report were wholly acceptable and that unless something could be thrashed out which would meet with the approval of the majority of Jews and Arabs, we did not intend to continue houding the baby-at 58 any rate by ourselves. 
('Arabs', 'Jews')  It was implied that this committee had reached a conclusion that from the point of view of their oil interests the U.S. would be better advised to back the Jews, since the Arabs seemed to be too divided and unreliable. 
('Arabs', 'Jews')  I said I thought that this might be unwise, since if by any chance it became possible for the Arabs to say that the British Government were reporting on their activities to the Jews, the Foreign Office would be seriously embarrassed, particularly at a moment like this when we were trying to bring the Arabs into Western Union defence schemes. 
('Arabs', 'Jews')  At the [obfuscated] the Government denied in good faith any complicity in this and, in spite of accusations by the Jews against ourselves, the incident was written off as being promoted by the Arabs. 
('Alec Kellar', 'I')  I said that I thought we had to go forward with the firm conviction that we had the best man we could possibly put into the job es the head of SIME in Alec Kellar, and that we should say so to the Comnander in Chief and hope that the proposal would be acceptable to him. 
('Alec Kellar', 'I')  I spent an evening with Alec Kellar, who is leaving to-morrow to take up his appointment in the Middle East. 
('Alec Kellar', 'I')  I learned on arrival that Dick had to leave for the Middle East as Alec Kellar has had to go to hospital. 
('Alec Kellar', 'I')  I learned on arrival that Dick has had to leave for the Middle East as Alec Kellar has had to go to hospital. 
('Alec Kellar', 'I')  I have had several long talks with Alec Kellar about his experiences in S.I.F.E. 
('Alec Kellar', 'I')  I told him about and his work, and introduced him to Alec Kellar and Haldane Porter. 
('Alec Kellar', 'I')  -------------- I had a meeting with [redacted] and [redacted], Alec Kellar, Derek Hamblen and Clayton on policy in West Africa. 
('Alec Kellar', 'I')  His telephone number was [missing] I spoke to Alec Kellar and put him in touch. 
('Poles', 'Polish')  Meanwhile, he has seen the Poles and has a considerable amount of information about Left Wing Polish associations. 
('Poles', 'Polish')  Burt rang up about the case of [missing] our Poles for attempting to smuggle a Polish girl out of the country. 
('Poles', 'Polish')  Meanwhile, we knew from our own sources that he was still in weekly contact with the Poles in an endeavour to obtain a Polish visa. 
('Poles', 'Polish')  Beck and the Polish Ambassador feel that our note to Hitler is perhaps to some extent an attempt to force him to open direct negotiations with the Poles. 
('Poles', 'Polish')  The Polish Ambassador in Paris takes the view that the documents recently published by the Germans which purport to show that the Americans were urging the Poles to fight are probably authentic. 
('Poles', 'Polish')  The Poles want to try him on the grounds that he was never demobilised from the Polish Forces and is therefore their prisoner. 
('Poles', 'Polish')  He says, and this is confirmed from other sources, that the Germans have been making overtures to the Poles and that his escape was connived at as a gesture to the Polish authorities in this country. 
('Magan', 'SIME')  I told Kellar about the telegram I had received from the D.G., provisionally appointing Magan as head of SIME until a final decision could be made about Douglas Rober successor. 
('Magan', 'SIME')  Since Alex is likely to be on the sick list for some months, we felt that Magan would have to go as Head of SIME, Dick has complete powers to arrange what he can with the High Commissioner, Kellar suggested that either Dick or, strangely, Horrocks should take over during his absence. 
('Magan', 'SIME')  Clearly I think Kellar does not want to revert to the former position of Magan at SIME, and this is in a way understandable. 
('Magan', 'SIME')  It has been decided that Magan shall take over SIME in Kellar's absence, Everybody in the Middle East regrets Kellar's departure, and there is no doubt that his stock and the stock of the organisation is very high. 
('Magan', 'SIME')  Since Alex is likely to be on the sick list for some months, we felt that Magan would have to go as Head of SIME, Dick has complete powers to arrange what he can with the High Commissioner. 
('Magan', 'SIME')  Clearly I think Kellar does not want to revert to the former position of Magan at SIME, and this is in a way understandable. 
('Magan', 'SIME')  It has been decided that Magan shall take over SIME in Kellar's absence, Everybody in the 41 Middle East regrets Kellar's departure, and there is no doubt that his stock and the stock of the organisation is very high. 
('Kellar', 'Magan')  I told Kellar about the telegram I had received from the D.G., provisionally appointing Magan as head of SIME until a final decision could be made about Douglas Rober successor. 
('Kellar', 'Magan')  I confined my remarks to saying that I still thought Kellar was entirely suitable for the job, but I was somewhat worried about Magan being taken away from Palestine - quit the most important position at this moment and the denuding of B.3.a. 
('Kellar', 'Magan')  Since Alex is likely to be on the sick list for some months, we felt that Magan would have to go as Head of SIME, Dick has complete powers to arrange what he can with the High Commissioner, Kellar suggested that either Dick or, strangely, Horrocks should take over during his absence. 
('Kellar', 'Magan')  Clearly I think Kellar does not want to revert to the former position of Magan at SIME, and this is in a way understandable. 
('Kellar', 'Magan')  Clearly I think Kellar does not want to revert to the former position of Magan at SIME, and this is in a way understandable. 
('Kellar', 'Magan')  It was felt that co-operation with the Committee was desirable and any papers should be entrusted in the first instance to Mr. Magan and Mr. Kellar. 
('Kellar', 'Magan')  We had a further meeting on Integration - Jack Morton, Magan, Dick White, Kellar and others being presents as a result of which we reached fairly firm conclusions on what our requirements were with regard to outstations of both S.I.M.E and S.I.F.E. 
('Irgun', 'Stern')  I said that there would obviously be considerable danger of an attempt on his life, either by Parties opposed to the Treaty or by the Irgun or Stern, and that while the Egyptian authorities would be anxious to prevent any such incident, recent events have shown that they might not be able to do a great deal. 
('Irgun', 'Stern')  Apparently entry was made by members of the Irgun or Stern group in the guise of Arabs carrying milk cans full of explosives. 
('Irgun', 'Stern')  Kellar mentioned that a number of records, formerly the property of the Palestine Police relating to members of the Stern and Irgun had been sent back here from S.I.M.E. 
('Irgun', 'Stern')  They would probably look to us to do this, and so would other Government Departments, if the Irgun and the Stern started to commit outrages. 
('Irgun', 'Stern')  There was a slight difference in the case of Eire, in that only one country was concerned; with the Irgun and Stern, France, Belgium and Italy are certainly involved and probably other countries as well, including the U.K. 
('Irgun', 'Stern')  It seems, therefore, appropriate that we should remain the focal point for the study of Irgun and Stern activities, at any rate for the time being. 
('Irgun', 'Stern')  He had apparently been getting money from influential Jews in order to pay informants, who were ostensibly giving information about the Irgun and Stern groups. 
('I', 'Zone')  I saw Nove today, who is back from the British Zone on leave. 
('I', 'Zone')  I told them both about the case of Francis STUART who was applying from the French Zone for facilities to visit Eire to attend the wedding of his son. 
('I', 'Zone')  I stayed on for a discussion on the establishment of a Security Service by the Germans in the Western Zone. 
('I', 'Zone')  I attended the Vice Chiefs' meeting to discuss the organisation of security in the Western Zone by the German authorities. 
('I', 'Zone')  I should have thought: (a) that we wanted to get FUCHS out of atomic energy and (b) that we did not wish to do anything which might encourage him to leave this country and to seek employment in the Eastern Zone of Germany, or in Russia. 
('I', 'Zone')  I explained to him that FUCHS had given us an opening by reporting to the Security Officer at Harwell that his father was now residing in the Soviet Zone of Germany, and that FUCHS had been informed that this in itself raised grave security issues which might jeopardise his continued employment at Harwell. 
('I', 'Zone')  I have read a report from Oughton which at last gives us some idea as to what is going on in the Canal Zone. 
('I', 'Winterborn')  I saw Colonel Appleby, on the recommendation Of Hugh Winterborn. 
('I', 'Winterborn')  I mentioned the somewhat unsatisfactory state of affairs in the J.I.C (FE) and suggested that the matter should be placed on the Agenda next week, when Hugh Winterborn could attend. 
('I', 'Winterborn')  asking him to give Winterborn all possible assistance, I saw when he handed me certain documents relating to Communist matters. 
('I', 'Winterborn')  It was also decided to make an offer to Cowen and to leave the employment of his wife to Winterborn, I had dinner with MACDONALD, who is going out to S.I.F.E. 
('I', 'Winterborn')  I saw Colonel Appleby, on the recommendation of Hugh Winterborn, Appleby has done most of his service in Burma, which he knows inside out: he also knows all the dialects. 
('I', 'Winterborn')  I mentioned the somewhat unsatisfactory state of affaris in the J.I.C (FE) and suggested that the matters should be placed on the Agenda next week, when Hugh Winterborn could attend. 
('I', 'Winterborn')  I saw Colonel Appleby, on the recommendation Of Hugh Winterborn, Appleby has done most of his service in Burma, which he knows 141 inside out: he also knows all the dialects. 
('I', 'Thurston')  I said that I thougt that some change was inveitable in view of the projected visit of Thurston of the F.B.I. 
('I', 'Thurston')  I said that I thought the discussion might be some somewhat academic since Arthur Thurston of the F.B.I. 
('I', 'Thurston')  Thereswas also the question of his going over to run the JANOWISKI case in Canada, but I thought we could not come to any final conclusion about his charter until we had seen Thurston and. 
('I', 'Thurston')  I stw Arthur Thurston the F.B.I. 
('I', 'Thurston')  I told Thurston that so far as this office was concerned it was the D.G.S wish that he should have all the informa- tion at our disposal. 
('I', 'Thurston')  I asked Thurston tentatively whether the F.B.I. 
('I', 'Thurston')  I then explained to Thurston the difficulty of our office vis a vis D.S.C. 
('I', 'Thomas Lloyd')  I saw Sir Thomas Lloyd about the "Colony Trader" He was quite prepared for the action suggested and proposed to put it to his Committee tomorrow. 
('I', 'Thomas Lloyd')  This I passed on to Sir Thomas Lloyd. 
('I', 'Thomas Lloyd')  I saw Sir Thomas Lloyd about the "Colony Trader. 
('I', 'Thomas Lloyd')  This I passed on to Sir Thomas Lloyd. 
('I', 'Thomas Lloyd')  I saw Sir Thomas Lloyd. 
('I', 'Thomas Lloyd')  -------------- In the afternoon I saw Sir Thomas Lloyd and handed him a copy of our telegrams to East Africa in connection with BROCKWAY's visit. 
('I', 'Thomas Lloyd')  I telephoned to Sir Thomas Lloyd and, in his absence, spoke to Mr. Rogers, head of the East African Dept. 
('I', 'Stratton')  I do not think he got on very well with Stratton or with Dick Ellis, who are departmentally quite different people. 
('I', 'Stratton')  I dined with Guthrie and Stratton. 
('I', 'Stratton')  Stratton seemed to think that 200 men would be sufficient but in conversations that I had subse- quently with Wood he seemed to think that the job could not possibly be done efficiently with less than 300 men. 
('I', 'Stratton')  Wood was I think a little perturbed by the visit of 'Guthrie and Stratton. 
('I', 'Stratton')  I rather think that Tate and Drysdale have been somewhat upset by the visit of Guthrie and Stratton who must have given the impression that they do not think very much of the R.C.M.P. 
('I', 'Stratton')  I saw Stratton and Strachey in their little house on the outskirts of Ottawa. 
('I', 'Stratton')  I wrote a long letter to the DG and one to Dick which I sent by Stratton who is leaving tomorrow for the U.K. June 21st Spent the day at Long Island. 
('I', 'St.')  He was I think Councillor at the French Embassy in St. Petersburg at the time when Rasputin was murdered. 
('I', 'St.')  I did not attempt to deal with current subjects, but went right back to Sidney St. and the early days of the expropriators. 
('I', 'St.')  I argued that we had been faced with the difficulty of having our registry in the country but that everything was now running smoothly and that we had not suffered in consequence Felix said that all the telegrams came into St. Albans and that advance copies are sent 664 to other sections in Broadway, if they were concerned. 
('I', 'St.')  August 30th I spent four hours talking to Viv.at* St. Albans about A.C.E. 
('I', 'St.')  I talked to Lamplough about the Gileadis, which we believe had reported the movements of our ships at St. Johns on the 4th or 5th August. 
('I', 'St.')  I had a meeting with D.G., Lennox, Machell and Harris about plans for misleading Fleet St. about Torch. 
('I', 'St.')  and appear to think that the leakages in Fleet St. can best be dealt with either by talking to certain selected journalists and asking them to take a definite cover story line or by taking the Press fully into our confidence Personally I think that either line would be a mistake. 
('I', 'St')  He was I think Councillor at the French Embassy in St. Petersburg at the time when Rasputin was murdered. 
('I', 'St')  I did not attempt to deal with current subjects, but went right back to Sidney St. and the early days of the expropriators. 
('I', 'St')  I argued that we had been faced with the difficulty of having our registry in the country but that everything was now running smoothly and that we had not suffered in consequence Felix said that all the telegrams came into St. Albans and that advance copies are sent 664 to other sections in Broadway, if they were concerned. 
('I', 'St')  August 30th I spent four hours talking to Viv.at* St. Albans about A.C.E. 
('I', 'St')  I talked to Lamplough about the Gileadis, which we believe had reported the movements of our ships at St. Johns on the 4th or 5th August. 
('I', 'St')  I had a meeting with D.G., Lennox, Machell and Harris about plans for misleading Fleet St. about Torch. 
('I', 'St')  and appear to think that the leakages in Fleet St. can best be dealt with either by talking to certain selected journalists and asking them to take a definite cover story line or by taking the Press fully into our confidence Personally I think that either line would be a mistake. 
('I', 'SIGINT')  I attended a meeting of the SIGINT Board. 
('I', 'SIGINT')  -------------- At the D.G meeting to-day I told them about a criticism of the purge system by the Ds of I., which is based on one or two cases of SIGINT personnel. 
('I', 'SIGINT')  'C' and I saw Bridges about non-purgeable cases in SIGINT. 
('I', 'SIGINT')  I wondered whether for SIGINT personnel it would not be possible to get them under some sort of ceiling. 
('I', 'SIGINT')  I wondered whether it would not be possible to reopen the matter on a really high level, but what shook me far more was the fact that conscripts were being taken into Eastcote and employed in SIGINT establishments abroad; then passing out fully indoctrinated at the completion of their service. 
('I', 'SIGINT')  I spoke to Brook about SIGINT. 
('I', 'SIGINT')  I said that we were now represented on the Deputy SIGINT Board, which assesses priorities, and that we had a liaison officer who was persona grata with all sections of the organisation. 
('I', 'Roberts')  I am notifying Douglas Roberts. 
('I', 'Roberts')  Dick, Kellar and I had a talk about Douglas Roberts coming visit. 
('I', 'Roberts')  He knows Douglas Roberts and also, I think, Jenkins. 
('I', 'Roberts')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('I', 'Roberts')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('I', 'Roberts')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts. 
('I', 'Roberts')  789 September 23rd Harker, M., Fulford, Tangye and I considered the case of Claud COCKBURN, who had approached Tangye and wanted him, Hyde, and Wilfred Roberts Mer, to form a small committee to assist C. [COCKBURN] in running The Week. 
('I', 'Patterson')  I wanted Patterson to start up the Far Eastern section. 
('I', 'Patterson')  I am anxious that Patterson should complete his work on renegades as soon as possible in order that he can take over from John Noble and act as a receiving. 
('I', 'Patterson')  I have told Patterson to get into touch with Piggott, formerly a s.c.o., who is now P.A. 
('I', 'Patterson')  Geoffrey Patterson and I lunched with Bruce Henderson, General of Dakar. 
('I', 'Patterson')  -------------- I lunched with Geoffrey Patterson. 
('I', 'Patterson')  I pointed out that we had on the Appointments Board been endeavouring to not keep officers abroad for more than four years unless the circumstances were exceptional; it seemed to me that if Geoffrey Patterson was going to be in the line for promotion, he must show his capabilities as a desk officer here. 
('I', 'Patterson')  Fairweather has two very good sub-ordinate Patterson and another younger fellow whose name I cannot remember. 
('I', 'Oughton')  I left, with Oughton, for Glasgow in the evening to attend the Chief Constables' Conference. 
('I', 'Oughton')  At the D.G's meeting to-day I told them about the visit to Glasgow by Oughton and myself. 
('I', 'Oughton')  I had a discussion to-day with Perfect, Oughton and F.J. about keeping Chief Constables informed on the V.Ps in their areas, and soliciting their aid in discovering what Communist are employed in certain factories. 
('I', 'Oughton')  I had a meeting with Dick, Graham, Oughton and Perfect on police liaison. 
('I', 'Oughton')  -------------- I held a meeting to-day with Hollis, Furnival-Jones, Perfect, Holmes, Oughton and Mann on the question of Police vetting. 
('I', 'Oughton')  I had a long talk with Bill Oughton on his experiences in the Far East. 
('I', 'Oughton')  I have read a report from Oughton which at last gives us some idea as to what is going on in the Canal Zone. 
('I', 'Monday')  comes in on Monday and I have arranged that he should go down to Barnet to discuss matters with Sclater. 
('I', 'Monday')  He told me that he was going to see the Doctor to-korrow and that if there were any interesting reactions he would be glad if I would let him know before he left Monday. 
('I', 'Monday')  He told me that he was going to see the Doctor to-morrow and that if there were any interesting reactions he would be glad if I would let him know before he left Monday. 
('I', 'Monday')  I said that I would have to get back by air on Monday morning. 
('I', 'Monday')  I said that there had been a Chief's of Staff meeting on this matter on Monday last, which we had not attended an we were at this stage not concerned. 
('I', 'Monday')  I told [redacted] to assure [redacted] whom he would be seeing on Monday, that the last thing in the world we wished to do was to get mixed up in French intrigues; we had one aim and object and that was to get on with the job, and so long as there were two or three French Departments who had information bearing on our subjects, we should wish to be in touch with them all. 
('I', 'Monday')  Owing, therefore, to the shortness of time available I asked Dick to speak to Max on Monday and to let me know the result so that I can fix up a meeting through the D.M.I. 
('I', 'Maude')  Maude is investigating the case of one G. METCALFE who is employed by I.C.I. 
('I', 'Maude')  Personally I think we should do well to put Maude at the head of this organisation not with a view to his solving the codes but merely in order that we might have some responsible person to give general directions and control the staff. 
('I', 'Maude')  I had a long talk with Maude today about leakage through the Japanese. 
('I', 'Maude')  I dined with Maude and Rothschild last night. 
('I', 'Maude')  I had a long discussion about journalists with Maude. 
('I', 'Maude')  I saw John Maude after his return from Tunbridge. 
('I', 'Maude')  In the afternoon I rang up John Maude. 
('I', 'Malcom')  I passed his information on to Malcom Johnston. 
('I', 'Malcom')  I told him to discuss the matter with Malcom Cumming. 
('I', 'Malcom')  I asked Malcom Cumming to go over and see his Staff Officer, Major Stapleton. 
('I', 'Malcom')  I told him to discuss the matter with Malcom Cumming. 
('I', 'Malcom')  I asked Malcom Cumming to go over and see his Staff Officer, Major Stapleton. 
('I', 'Malcom')  I discussed with Malcom Cumming, Charles and Horrocks the question of Briscoe's position vis a vis Hedger. 
('I', 'Malcom')  Malcom Cumming came in about two new defectors from Trieste, one, I think, a Jugo-Slav, and the other a Soviet citizen. 
('I', 'League')  To arrive at a definite decision on this point, I asked Knight to ascertain who the principal subscribers were to the Economic League and what services they got for their money. 
('I', 'League')  To arrive at a definite decision on this point, I asked Knight to ascertain who the principal subscribers were to the Economic League and what services they got for their money. 
('I', 'League')  Cowan's Anti-Partition League is not taken seriously, although the possibility of its being penetrated by the I.R.A. 
('I', 'League')  I lunched with Colonel Hoare of the Economic League and Anthony Pollen, when we merely talked generalities. 
('I', 'League')  There is already a body in existence called the Irish Neutrality League which from the leaflets Archer sent must be very near the I.R.A. 
('I', 'League')  I talked with him about the Liberty Restoration League, Hisuncle and Capt. 
('I', 'League')  I gather that the Liberty Restoration League has practically no members It publishes a good many leaflets and is I understand financed by the Duke of Wellington. 
('I', 'Knight')  To arrive at a definite decision on this point, I asked Knight to ascertain who the principal subscribers were to the Economic League and what services they got for their money. 
('I', 'Knight')  Max Knight came to see me about the yearly donation to As something was due to him for services during the past war, I said I thought that we ought to pay, but that this probably ought to be the final payment. 
('I', 'Knight')  To arrive at a definite decision on this point, I asked Knight to ascertain who the principal subscribers were to the Economic League and what services they got for their money. 
('I', 'Knight')  Colonel Knight was interested in security matters generally and I passed him on to Hollis. 
('I', 'Knight')  I suggested to Dick that perhaps Max Knight might get someone in alongside [redacted] who could extract from him the fact that he was working for de COURCY and so give the necessary cover for our source of information. 
('I', 'Knight')  I think that Max Knight would be the most appropriate contact. 
('I', 'Knight')  I had a talk with Max Knight about Tangye and his future relations with M. S. Knight agreed with me about Tangye and his organisation and said that he would be very pleased to co-operate with him. 
('I', 'Jews')  KEITEL was fairly passive, while JODL, his Chief of Staff, was taking copious notes as if he were fighting a rearguard action in the Field, I doubt whether he has a clue as to what it is all about; he probably thinks that a gross injustice is being done to himself, a soldier, who has done nothing more than carry out his orders - how could he possibly do otherwise - even though it was clearly shown that under his instructions the Army had collaborated satisfactorily with the Einsatzkommando, which had been concerned with the liquidation of the Jews and others in Eastern Europe. 
('I', 'Jews')  I said that of course the one common factor in all the various Fascist groups was anti-Semitism and it seemed a pity that the reputable Jews could not-do something to call their disreputable kith and kin to order. 
('I', 'Jews')  It seemed to me that it was now open war- fare in Palestine and that little short of military operation, or a settlement by which the Jews would be in a position to clean up their own kind, would really provide a solution I talked to the A.L.O.s and to Jo. 
('I', 'Jews')  I told the D.G, that we had just had a tele- phone conversation by a man called OCKHART from MOSLEY's house, a number in bayswater, which made it clear that FLOCKHART and others are using RAVEN THOMSON's car and are intending to pick up four prominent Jews and flog them on Friday night. 
('I', 'Jews')  As far as I can understand we are to sit on the fence, say that neither the majority report nor the minority report were wholly acceptable and that unless something could be thrashed out which would meet with the approval of the majority of Jews and Arabs, we did not intend to continue holding the baby-at any rate by ourselves. 
('I', 'Jews')  As far as I can understand we are to sit on the fence, say that neither the majority report nor the minority report were wholly acceptable and that unless something could be thrashed out which would meet with the approval of the majority of Jews and Arabs, we did not intend to continue houding the baby-at 58 any rate by ourselves. 
('I', 'Jews')  I said I thought that this might be unwise, since if by any chance it became possible for the Arabs to say that the British Government were reporting on their activities to the Jews, the Foreign Office would be seriously embarrassed, particularly at a moment like this when we were trying to bring the Arabs into Western Union defence schemes. 
('I', 'Jack Morton')  I had a long talk with Jack Morton about iraq.A CThere is no doubt that he has got a very good organisation goingrandVED has the respect of everyone in the area. 
('I', 'Jack Morton')  I had a talk with Jack Morton about his new job, which I am sure he will carry out with efficiency and success. 
('I', 'Jack Morton')  I do not think that such instructions would be much use unless our Police Forces were in a position to tell foreign Police Forces that they should deal on Security Intelligence matters I suggested that we should send a wire to Dick to discuss this matter and Jack Morton. 
('I', 'Jack Morton')  I might have added, as I learned from Jack Morton this morning, that in S.I.F.E. 
('I', 'Jack Morton')  -------------- Jack Morton, whom I saw for a minute, is full of woes which are, in order of priority, as follows: (i) Housing and staff, and (ii) Colonial Police Forces and S.I.S. 
('I', 'Jack Morton')  I had a long talk with Jack Morton, who is still very worried about the administration side of S.I.F.E. 
('I', 'Jack Morton')  I had a long talk with Jack Morton who has returned today. 
('Hordern', 'I')  Other candidates about whom I had not heard before were Hordern, put up by the H.O., Davidson, late DMI, and two airmen called Dunn and Goddard. 
('Hordern', 'I')  Hordern readily understood t is, and I am sure that in any individual case he would be reacy to meet us. 
('Hordern', 'I')  Hordern C.C.Lancswhom I saw today is deeply shocked by the policy of the H.O. 
('Hordern', 'I')  I told Hordern that C.C.Cards, had evidently found himself in a similar dilemma. 
('Hordern', 'I')  I had a discussion with Hordern today about the firm of OMES Ltd. 
('Hordern', 'I')  I lunched with Hordern C.C. 
('Hordern', 'I')  I saw Hordern again this morning. 
('Harris', 'I')  I spoke to Tommy Harris who suggested that Garbo should either communicate direct with him or be given an address for DSO Trinidad in case he found himself in any difficulties. 
('Harris', 'I')  I advised him to consult with Tommy Harris, who knew the ropes pretty well. 
('Harris', 'I')  Afterward Tommy Harris, TAR and I took to lunch. 
('Harris', 'I')  I saw the New Year in with Tommy Harris. 
('Harris', 'I')  Tommy Harris has remained in Mallorca, so I did not attend his annual party. 
('Harris', 'I')  I had a meeting with D.G., Lennox, Machell and Harris about plans for misleading Fleet St. about Torch. 
('Harris', 'I')  I had a talk with Bevan, T. A. R., L. Hale, Lennox, Dick,Brooman-White and Harris and Marriott on the subject of co-ordinating misinformation. 
('Ham', 'I')  I said that we had nothing whatever to hide as regards Ham, apart from the security aspect of the work done there, but that I should be glad to know how the procedure at Ham was relevant to the proceedings now pending in Germany Campbell replied that statements had been made in the summary of evidence that the camps in Germanyhad been set up on the lines of Ham, and that as no instructions had been given by the Control Commission, he was anxious to know what the standing orders and procedure at Ham were. 
('Ham', 'I')  Itttold him that neither Dick White nor myself had any responsibility fir* the administration of Ham and that without reference to the files I could not give him first-hand knowledge of any standing orders there were about punish- ments. 
('Ham', 'I')  I said that we had nothing whatever to hide as regards Ham, apart from the security aspect of the work done there, but that I should be glad to know how the procedure at Ham was relevant to the proceedings now pending in Germany Campbell replied that statements had been made in the summary of evidence that the camps in Germanyhad been set up on the lines of Ham, and that as no instructions had been given by the Control Commission, he was anxious to know what the standing orders and procedure at Ham were. 
('Ham', 'I')  I told him that neither Dick White nor myself had any responsibility fir the administration of Ham and that without reference to the files I could not give him first-hand knowledge of any standing orders there were about punish- ments. 
('Ham', 'I')  I said that we had nothing whatever to hide as regards Ham, apart from the security aspect of the work done there, but that I should be glad to know how the procedure at Ham was relevant to the proceedings now pending in Germany. 
('Ham', 'I')  I told him that neither Dick White nor myself had any responsibility for the administration of Ham and that without reference to the files I could not give him first-hand knowledge of any standing orders there were about punish- ments. 
('Ham', 'I')  I gave the meeting an account of the 8 sabot -eurs arrested in the U.S.A. Milmo mentioned that Sobhy HANA who had been caught at Dar es Salem, had now arrived at Ham. 
('Hale', 'I')  April 2nd I had a discussion with Felix, Hale and Ivens about the LITTLE case. 
('Hale', 'I')  I told him that neither Jim Hale nor I had any feelings about who ran it but that we both were strong_y of the opinion that whoever controlled SCHWEPPES should also have access to all the material relevant to the case which would be obtained from other sources. 
('Hale', 'I')  I have got Jim Hale working on a list of Germans for repatriation. 
('Hale', 'I')  August 15th I saw archie Doyle with T. A. R., Senter and Lionel Hale. 
('Hale', 'I')  I saw Hale about SCOTT-FORD, to decide whether Cussen or the local police shou take the usual statement. 
('Hale', 'I')  I had a talk with Bevan, T. A. R., L. Hale, Lennox, Dick,Brooman-White and Harris and Marriott on the subject of co-ordinating misinformation. 
('Hale', 'I')  Jim Hale has the matter in hand, but I gather that it does not present any very great difficulty. 
('Gwyer', 'I')  I arranged with him to have a talk to Gwyer, who is writing up the whole of the Rotekapelle. 
('Gwyer', 'I')  has not received an acknowledgement, Dick, Gwyer, Cecil and I had a meeting to discuss Gwyer's memorandum on Ireland. 
('Gwyer', 'I')  Cecil, Dick, John Gwyer and I discussed John's paper on Ireland to which we have made several amendments. 
('Gwyer', 'I')  Dick, Gwyer, Cecil and I had a meeting to discuss Gwyer's memorandum on Ireland. 
('Gwyer', 'I')  Cecil, Dick, John Gwyer and I discussed John's paper on Ireland to which we have made several amendments. 
('Gwyer', 'I')  I told him that he was perfectly at liberty to discuss this problem with John Gwyer, and that he could tell Professor Butler that he had satisfied himself that an account of the work of the Security Service in the history of the war could only be made by the disclosure of vital information. 
('Gwyer', 'I')  Hart and Gwyer feel that it is difficult to deal with subjects such as the Middle East and the Iberian Peninsula without the detailed knowledge which must be reposing in Section V. It would I think in present circumstances be impossible to aske Section V. to make a further contri- bution since they are so hard-worked and under-staffed. 
('Gurney', 'I')  Gurney has been initiated into OATS - I explained to him the position of our D.S.O. 
('Gurney', 'I')  As Gurney had been previously in both West and East Africa I talked to him about the proposal that we should have a D.S.O. 
('Gurney', 'I')  I said that Gurney undertaken to send a letter and that I da telegraph to the D.S.O. 
('Gurney', 'I')  I asked Forbes to let Gurney know about this. 
('Gurney', 'I')  I said that Gurney undertaken to send a letter and that I would telegraph to the D.S.O. 
('Gurney', 'I')  I asked Forbes to let Gurney know about this. 
('Gurney', 'I')  I gather that Davis put up a long memorandum on this subject which went to Sir Henry Gurney, and that efforts are being made to prevent Communists from getting hold of the schools. 
('Gray', 'I')  This was necessary as it was impossible to recruit agents in Palestine I explained to Gray that I fully under- stood the position, which had been made crea beforehand; at the same time, there were very considerable difficulties if, for example, his representative intended to operate in France he would undoubtedly come up against the French police and this might seriously jeopardise 'C's relations. 
('Gray', 'I')  I explained to Gray that this question had bee under discussion by the J.I.C. 
('Gray', 'I')  I dined with Gray and Kellar. 
('Gray', 'I')  I like Gray very much personally and I think he has tremendous guts. 
('Gray', 'I')  Gray and I went to see Sir Frank Newsam. 
('Gray', 'I')  He himself had heard complaints about Gray from the Police that he did not understand Police administration, I said that I had a great admiration for Gray, but I did not, of course, know what the com- plaints were, although I had the impression that Gray was doing his utmost to build up the Police and to get they many things which they obviously needed. 
('Gray', 'I')  I told him that Gray was not anxious to have the ex-Palestine policeman and that we were now unquiring whether Potter would be acceptable. 
('Graham Mitchell', 'I')  I dia not tell Burt this, but I propose to discuss it with him after talking to Graham Mitchell. 
('Graham Mitchell', 'I')  I told him that I should have to take Graham Mitchell into my confidence, as there might be material in that section which I should normally not see myself. 
('Graham Mitchell', 'I')  I asked Graham Mitchell, who said that we were a vre of O'KOERE's visit, but we had no idea of the purpose for which he was coming. 
('Graham Mitchell', 'I')  I said that I understood he had got all he wanted from Graham Mitchell and that there was no particular point in our discussing the matter until we had seen the documents which he had promised to send to us. 
('Graham Mitchell', 'I')  Hollis, Graham Mitchell and I represented this office. 
('Graham Mitchell', 'I')  I urged the Police Officers to raise this matter in more detail with Graham Mitchell. 
('Graham Mitchell', 'I')  I had a talk with Graham Mitchell about ERSIG. 
('Gerald', 'I')  I have had a letter from Gerald Templer, drawing attention to a certain penetration of the British Legion in Hants and Dorset. 
('Gerald', 'I')  I had a talk with Battersby about a letter from Gerald Templer on Communist penetration in the British Legion. 
('Gerald', 'I')  I am telling Gerald that the Legion should take active steps now to put its house in order by: (i) the appointment of reliable and active district secretaries, who will see that Communists or fellow travellers are not nominated when executive posts fall vacant; (ii) that they should ensure that a really sound man is groomed for any vacancy that occurs, and that the right people should turn up at the election meeting, and (iii) that good speakers should be sent down to Branch meetings, who will put grievances in their proper perspective and prevent the Communists from holding the floor. 
('Gerald', 'I')  Gerald was a little worried by the fact that this information had been lying in our files and that action on it had only been taken as a result of his initiative, I pointed out to him that we were in a delicate position, but that we did normally try and get something done where we had a suitable contact. 
('Gerald', 'I')  I told Gerald that we could not justify further enquiries into the brother, who had just done the I.D.C course, and against whom absolutay nothing was known. 
('Gerald', 'I')  telephoned to say that Gerald Templer had been receiving threatening letters to the effect that if he took up his appointment in I [missing]alaya his children here would be in jeopardy. 
('Gerald', 'I')  I gave him a pen picture and said that I thought Gerald was very lucky to get him. 
('Furnival Jones', 'I')  Meanwhile Furnival Jones will continue to do his present work in relation to all three Services, I suggested that it might work properly, at any rate in so far as the J.I.C. 
('Furnival Jones', 'I')  18th October 1946 I had a discussion with Kirby Green, Cumming and Furnival Jones about passages for our overseas officers. 
('Furnival Jones', 'I')  I explained to him the general lay-out of the office, and introduced him to Hollis and Furnival Jones. 
('Furnival Jones', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hollis and Furnival Jones about the discussion at tomorrow J.C. on the Intelligence Division of the Control Commission in Germany. 
('Furnival Jones', 'I')  I explained to him the general lay-out of the office, and introduced him to Hollis and Furnival Jones. 
('Furnival Jones', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hollis and Furnival Jones about the discussion at tomorrow J.I.C. 
('Furnival Jones', 'I')  I explained to him the general lay-out of the office, and introduced him to Hollis and Furnival Jones. 
('Federal', 'I')  Dick and I attended a meeting in Mr. Dean's room at the Foreign Office to discuss the setting up of a Federal Security Service in Germany. 
('Federal', 'I')  I asked what the powers of the Federal Government were, if at any time, for example, they thought it desirable to prescribe the Communist Party. 
('Federal', 'I')  11th January Dick, Irvine and I discussed the proposal that the Germans should be allowed to set up a Federal M.I.5. 
('Federal', 'I')  As I see the position, now that a Federal Government has been established in Bonn, we are likely within a period of two years, or less, to have lost virtually all control. 
('Federal', 'I')  The British and the Americans thought that the Federal Bureau should run agents, but this point, I gathered, had not been discussed in any detail with the French. 
('Federal', 'I')  The only point on which I expressed some doubts was the multiplicity of people who would be running agents in the Land; there would be the Federal Bureau. 
('Federal', 'I')  I gather that some progress has been made with the Federal Security Service and that agreement is shortly to be reached about the appointment of someone to run it. 
('English', 'I')  I asked her what she was doing during the war She told me that she had worked for the British Council in Turkey, as a teacher of English in a secondary school. 
('English', 'I')  I asked her what she was doing during the war She told me that she had worked for the British Council in Turkey, as a teacher of English in a secondary school. 
('English', 'I')  I asked her what she was doing during the war She told me that she had worked for the British Council in Turkey, as a teacher of English in a secondary school. 
('English', 'I')  understood much English, so I had to go very slowly and say everything at least three times! 
('English', 'I')  I emphasised, however, that in recruiting instructors in a language, it was or paramount importance that the instructor himself had a first-class knowledge of English. 
('English', 'I')  I gave the two officers a talk on the general principles of security, which I think they appreciated, although neither of them seemed to have a very sound knowledge of English. 
('English', 'I')  May 31st I went down to Long Island where I saw Margaret Barry, who is looking after 19 English children in a typical old-time Long Island house with wonderful gardens and grounds. 
('Edinburgh', 'I')  I am going up with the DG on June 17th to meet other C.C.s in Edinburgh. 
('Edinburgh', 'I')  I went to Edinburgh with the DG and attended a meeting called by Morun, the C.C. 
('Edinburgh', 'I')  I saw Harker and told him about the visit to Edinburgh. 
('Edinburgh', 'I')  I also save him my impressions of the C.C.s conference in Edinburgh. 
('Edinburgh', 'I')  I gathered from the DG that my visit had made good impression on the CCs end that they all very much appreciated the talk I had given The DG then told me that he had considered the question of the ALO having an office in police headquarters at Edinburgh or Glasgow, and that he was somewhat doubtful about the desirability of this, since he realised that the presence of the officer would become known and that a disgruntled policeman might quite easily blow to the press. 
('Edinburgh', 'I')  I saw Perfect and Mann about the Detective officers Conference which is to be held in Edinburgh on February 28th, I asked Mann to ascertain what subjects Edinburgh would like us to talk on. 
('Edinburgh', 'I')  Hollis, Marriott and I went up to speak at the annual Scottish Detective Officers' Conference in Edinburgh. 
('Ede', 'I')  I had a long talk with Vivian about the possibility of Ede running security for the FO and SIS. 
('Ede', 'I')  I told him that I spoke to C. only with regard to the FO appointment but that on learning of the fact that SIS wanted someone to look after their own security it had occurred to me that Ede might well carry both appointments. 
('Ede', 'I')  I dined with Bertram Ede. 
('Ede', 'I')  I had a meeting with Charles, Horrocks, Dick, Ede, Clayton and Kellar to discuss administrative matters in connection with SIFE and SIME. 
('Ede', 'I')  I said that agreed that technically Ede was entitled to stand by his charter but that I fundamentally disagreed with the whole of it. 
('Ede', 'I')  I had a talk with Bertram Ede. 
('Ede', 'I')  Charles, Dick, Ede, Kirby Green, Spencer and I discussed the question of Trinidad and the withdrawal of Tufnell-Barrett. 
('Douglas', 'Kellar')  Dick, Kellar and I had a talk about Douglas Roberts coming visit. 
('Douglas', 'Kellar')  Dick will take up this matter with Cohen and later I will speak to C. Kellar is anxious that Douglas should not stay on after September but if pressed me would not mind his remaining for another year. 
('Douglas', 'Kellar')  Moreover, Douglas Roberts contradicted himself completely when he said that Kellar would not be suitable as he is not a soldier and then recommended Giles who is a policeman. 
('Douglas', 'Kellar')  I told Kellar about the telegram I had received from the D.G., provisionally appointing Magan as head of SIME until a final decision could be made about Douglas Rober successor. 
('Douglas', 'Kellar')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('Douglas', 'Kellar')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('Douglas', 'Kellar')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts. 
('Dick', 'India')  Had a meeting with Vivian, Cohen, Maltby, Dick and Paddy Bamford at Broadway on the subject of the future of Intelligence from India, After a good deal of talk it was agreed that we had to prepare for the worst; that Maltby should proceed straight away to try and recruit some suitable wireless operators, who. 
('Dick', 'India')  111 We had a meeting about India, at which Vickery, Bamford, Vivian, Dick and myself were present. 
('Dick', 'India')  We had a further meeting about India with Vickery, Dick and Horrocks. 
('Dick', 'India')  We had a meeting on India with Dick, Vickery, Bamford and Vivian. 
('Dick', 'India')  I discussed with Dick and Vickery a note which had been received from Bourne in which he points out the difficulties of getting any information on internal affairs in India without arousing suspicion. 
('Dick', 'India')  We had a meeting on India with Dick, Vickery, Bamford and Vivian. 
('Dick', 'India')  I discussed with Dick and Vickery a note which had been received from Bourne in which he points out the difficulties of getting any information on internal affairs in India without arousing suspicion. 
('Dick', 'Gibbs')  however suggested that Dick and Gibbs and possibly Horrocks should visit Glen- almond in order to satisfy themselves about the question of the move. 
('Dick', 'Gibbs')  Both Dick and Gibbs thought that there was nothing to prevent Section V. coming to London, and he says that many of the section officers felt that they are losing much in the country and are being by-passed by the P. Sections in Broadway. 
('Dick', 'Gibbs')  At S.I.S's request Dick, Gibbs and Horrocks have examined the position at Glenalmond They are all agreed that Section V. can 692 move to London without dislocation and in fact with considerable advantages to themselves irrespective of the work they do for us. 
('Dick', 'Gibbs')  Felix, who has seen the D.G.s letter wants to see the reports by Dick, Gibbs and, Horrocks. 
('Dick', 'Gibbs')  I had a discussion with Dick and Gibbs about D.S.O. 
('Dick', 'Gibbs')  Dick, Gibbs and I had a discussion about We. 
('Dick', 'Gibbs')  Gibbs, Dick and I saw the D.G. 
('Dick', 'Douglas')  Dick, Kellar and I had a talk about Douglas Roberts coming visit. 
('Dick', 'Douglas')  Dick will take up this matter with Cohen and later I will speak to C. Kellar is anxious that Douglas should not stay on after September but if pressed me would not mind his remaining for another year. 
('Dick', 'Douglas')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('Dick', 'Douglas')  It was decided: (a) that I should speak to Craufurd; (b) that Haylor was already warned; (c) that there was no particular poin in talking to Alley; (a) that Dick would speak to Douglas Roberts; (e) that Derbyshire should gradually extract himself without giving offence; (1) that we should continue observation on "SHARKEY". 
('Dick', 'Douglas')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('Dick', 'Douglas')  It was decided : (a) that I should speak to Craufurd; (b) that Haylor was already warned; (c) that there was no particular point in talking to Alley; (d) that Dick would speak to Douglas Roberts; (e) that Derbyshire should gradually extract himself without giving offence; (f) that we should continue observation on "SHARKEY". 
('Dick', 'Douglas')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts. 
('Czech', 'I')  I asked [redacted] if he had seen the recent report on the PIAT and PESCATORI interrogations which give in considerable detail the low-down on the British, American, French, Polish, Dutch, Russian Czech, German, Italian and Swiss Secret Services, during the war. 
('Czech', 'I')  I asked Sloane whether in his view the Russians would have come in in 1938 in support of Czechoslovakia, as I had often heard it said that they had their aeroplanes on Czech aerodromes. 
('Czech', 'I')  I said that I was quite sure that we ought to retain Polish, Czech, Hungarian, Roumanian and Bulgarian files after they have been reviewed. 
('Czech', 'I')  I told the Committee that we were proposing in the course of the next few days to punp the Czech Assistant in Military and Air Attache, SROM, a Lieutenant-Colonel, who is giving assignments to an agent. 
('Czech', 'I')  I said that on the facts as stated, I did not think that, even 1f such a thing were possible to arrange, there was much likelihood of obtaining any information of value from the Czech records in Dublin. 
('Czech', 'I')  Very tentatively I have suggested that the Tribunals should sort out these people with the aid of the Czech Refugee Committee and the police, to establish how many of them are bona fide Czechs and where there is any doubt the question of nationality or the bona fides of the individual, they should refer to us. 
('Czech', 'I')  I also raised the question of some of these people joining the Czech Legion in France. 
('Ceylon', 'Delhi')  It was decided to send Uren to the Far East and to move him later, if necessary, to Delhi, or to Ceylon. 
('Ceylon', 'Delhi')  Horrocks came to see me on various staff matters He said that there had been some suggestion that U'ren should go to the Far East instead of to Ceylon as it was thought that he might be a suitable successor to Bourne when the latter's term comes to an end, and that U'ren might be better groomed for Delhi in Singapore. 
('Ceylon', 'Delhi')  It was decided to send U'ren to the Far East and to move him later, if necessary, to Delhi, or to Ceylon. 
('Ceylon', 'Delhi')  He said that there had been some suggestion that U'ren should go to the Far East instead of to Ceylon as it was thought that he might be a suitable successor to Bourne when the latter's term comes to an end, and that U'ren might be better groomed for Delhi in Singapore. 
('Ceylon', 'Delhi')  It was decided to send U'ren to the Far East and to move him later, if necessary, to Delhi, or to Ceylon. 
('Ceylon', 'Delhi')  In addition to the two organisations in the Middle East and Far East, we had stations in East Africa, West Africa, the Caribbean, Malta, Gibraltar and Ceylon, and liaison officers in Washington, Canberra and New Delhi. 
('Ceylon', 'Delhi')  Visit to Ceylon, New Delhi & Karachi. 
('Caribbean', 'Stephenson')  to see Duff Cooper about Stephenson representing us in the Caribbean, and also for the purpose of liais -son with the F.B.I. 
('Caribbean', 'Stephenson')  I said that our idea was to communicate in one-time table, that the position of Stephenson as representing the Security Service in the Caribbean area had been settled but that S.I.S. 
('Caribbean', 'Stephenson')  While he agreed that we should communicate direct with Stephenson on matters affecting the Caribbean, he did not agree that we should communicate direct on matters affecting us in N. America. 
('Caribbean', 'Stephenson')  Gibbs thinks that we should send copies of all our communications to our stations in the Caribbean area to Stephenson and that he should do likewise. 
('Caribbean', 'Stephenson')  D-C has drafted a letter for Stephenson about his new mandate for the Caribbean pointing out that there are certain matter whicb will still have to be dealt with through London and the C.O. 
('Caribbean', 'Stephenson')  in restricting our correspondence with Stephenson to purely security matters in the Caribbean. 
('Caribbean', 'Stephenson')  has sent a letter to Stephenson explaining to him his charter in the Caribbean. 
('Camp', 'Stephens')  Mr. Hall was in the same position as Stimson at Camp 020 - in other words he was the Chief Administration Officer under Stephens until he was demobilised. 
('Camp', 'Stephens')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Camp', 'Stephens')  Mr. Hall was in the same position as Stimson at Camp 020 - in other words he was the Chief Administration Officer under Stephens until he was demobilised. 
('Camp', 'Stephens')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Camp', 'Stephens')  Mr. Hell was in the same position as Stimson at Camp 020 - in other words he was the Chief Administration Officer under Stephens until he was demobilised. 
('Camp', 'Stephens')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Camp', 'Stephens')  Dick went round Camp 020 with Stephens, and says that it is at last a finished article. 
('Camp', 'I')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Camp', 'I')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Camp', 'I')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Camp', 'I')  I raised the question of principle as to whether or not war-time establishments such as London Reception Centre and Camp 020 should be placed in charge of an existing member of the staff, or someboyd* imported for the purpose. 
('Camp', 'I')  Now they suddenly get an order to intern between 30 and 40 thousand, and deport as many as possible to the Dominions, Huyton Camp at Liverpool is I believe in a state of real confusion. 
('Camp', 'I')  I mentioned the case of JUDE where there had been a delay of well over a month in sending the americans particulars of the Camp 020. case in which they could undoubted- ly be interested. 
('Camp', 'I')  I told them that I was proposing to send Caroe down to the Transit Camp as soon as he returned. 
('Cairo', 'Jenkins')  Meanwhile, we are agreeing to his proposals without prejudice to any future alteration, and have asked him to issue the necessary instructions to the Embassy in Cairo about giving cover to Jenkins. 
('Cairo', 'Jenkins')  would be in the same position as Jenkins in Cairo, and ulti- mately on a pattern with the S.L.O. 
('Cairo', 'Jenkins')  on several occasions; the latter had been sceptical, and Jenkins replied that if the G.O.C, would give him a grant of $50 he would show him what he could buy in the vicinity of Cairo. 
('Cairo', 'Jenkins')  would be in the same position as Jenkins in Cairo, and ulti- mately on a pattern with the S.L.O. 
('Cairo', 'Jenkins')  would be in the same position as Jenkins in Cairo, and ulti- mately on a pattern with the S.L.O. 
('Cairo', 'Jenkins')  He is going back to Cairo to take over from Geoffrey Jenkins who is retiring. 
('Cairo', 'Jenkins')  Jenkins had been looking for them until the end of July when he discovered that two mysterious strangers were in touch with an Austrian employed at the Swedish Legation in Cairo. 
('Caccia', 'I')  He had to told Caccia very frankly that he thought this was a disaster and that I ought to have had the job. 
('Caccia', 'I')  Dick and I had a long session with Caccia who dined with us at the Travellers. 
('Caccia', 'I')  I suggested to the DG that we should write a strong letter to Maxwell and that I should also see Caccia. 
('Caccia', 'I')  I saw Harold Caccia. 
('Caccia', 'I')  He said that he would do anything he possibly could to arrange matters on the lines I had suggested, Harold Caccia talked to me about the possibility of constituting a Security Section in the Foreign Office. 
('Caccia', 'I')  I have told Kellar to have a word with Harold Caccia if a reply comes while I am away. 
('Caccia', 'I')  I said that if Carey Foster would get Harold Caccia to speak to me, I would certainly recommend him. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'RECORDS ACT')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'RECORDS ACT')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY ORIGINAL', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('COPY', 'RECORDS ACT')  He is THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'RECORDS ACT')  were THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 314) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958. 
('COPY', 'RECORDS ACT')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('Burma', 'Courtenay')  The Governor is apparently putting him up as a rival claimant in Burma, without, Courtenay thought, much knowledge of his past. 
('Burma', 'Courtenay')  TAR and Courtenay came to discuss with me a telegram received from Burma about our future position there when Burma gets her independence. 
('Burma', 'Courtenay')  I discussed with H/SIFE, Kellar and Courtenay two telegrams from Burma relating to the D.S.O. 
('Burma', 'Courtenay')  29th October: TAR and Courtenay came to discuss with me a telegram received from Burma about our future position there when Burma gets her independence. 
('Burma', 'Courtenay')  I discussed with H/SIFE, Kellar and Courtenay two telegrans from Burma relating to the D.S.O. 
('Burma', 'Courtenay')  TAR and Courtenay came to discuss with me a telegram received from Burma about our future position there when Burma gets her independence. 
('Burma', 'Courtenay')  I discussed with H/SITE, Kellar and Courtenay two telegrans from Burma relating to the 150 D.S.O. 
('Brussels Treaty', 'Treaty Powers')  We are implicated in two ways; firstly by what is known as the Metric Committee which is struggling against considerable odds to enforce some sort sort of security in the passing of secret information to the Brussels Treaty Powers, which is essential to them in the planning of defence measures. 
('Brussels Treaty', 'Treaty Powers')  The Permanent Commission of the Brussels Treaty Powers have and orsed the setting up of the Information Committee on which Irvine and will be the Joint Secretaries in London. 
('Brussels Treaty', 'Treaty Powers')  This raised the question of the disclosure of Western Union information and to feeling that some declaration should be made by the Brussels Treaty Powers to the effect that their deliberations are, collectively speaking, matters of national defence, and that the disclosure about the affairs of one country will be regarded as a disclosure of all those countries who are a party to the Treaty. 
('Brussels Treaty', 'Treaty Powers')  I am a little inclined to think he may have a financial interest in Phillips whose name he is so anxious to clear, not only in the eyes of the Americans, but also the Brussels Treaty Powers. 
('Brussels Treaty', 'Treaty Powers')  Roger said that this question was to be raised at the next meeting of the Military Security Committee of the Brussels Treaty Powers, in connection with the firm of Phillips. 
('Brussels Treaty', 'Treaty Powers')  -------------- Stone said that the Military Security Committee of the Brussels Treaty Powers had expressed a desire to be advised by the Security Service on counter-sabotage and general physical security. 
('Brussels Treaty', 'Treaty Powers')  At the suggestion of the Dutch it was agreed that a note should go to the Permanent Commission of the Brussels Treaty Powers from the Committee, suggesting that they should inform all Governments which were a party to the Treaty that, in the view of the S.I.C., participation in the Moscow Conference should be discouraged by any means which seemed appropriate. 
('Briscoe', 'I')  I am going to discuss this with C. and suggest to him that he should see Briscoe personally. 
('Briscoe', 'I')  I spoke to him about Briscoe and told him that the introduction of [redacted] was causing a certain amount of friction. 
('Briscoe', 'I')  I told C. that Maltby was really rather a 5th wheel in the coach and it would be preferable if Briscoe dealt with Cohen. 
('Briscoe', 'I')  I suggested that Briscoe should discuss this matter and if necessary refer it to me. 
('Briscoe', 'I')  At the B. meeting to-day I tried to impress upon everybody that Briscoe must be consulted when anything that bears. 
('Briscoe', 'I')  November 14th I had a meeting with Briscoe Cumming, Grogan and Hedger about the definition of functions between Hedger's laboratory and Censorship testing in time of war. 
('Briscoe', 'I')  I agreed with him about his proposals in connection with the grading of the scientific taff, but made it very clear that it was important that Briscoe should maintain a controlling interest, as he was the only unifying factor as between ourselves and S.I.S. 
('Boyle', 'I')  I spoke to Archie Boyle and told him that I had seen DMI to whom I had spoken about HILL. 
('Boyle', 'I')  I had lunch with David Boyle, after which I went over his establishment, which struck me as being very efficiently run and probably as water-tight as he can make it. 
('Boyle', 'I')  I had lunch with David Boyle, after which I went over his establishment, which struck me as being very efficiently run and probably as water-tight as he can make it. 
('Boyle', 'I')  I have put Boyle in touch with Allan. 
('Boyle', 'I')  I saw David Boyle, who is sending me a note about I then undertook to go and discuss the case with Birchall. 
('Boyle', 'I')  I went to see Birchall about who had been employed by David Boyle in the Middle East. 
('Boyle', 'I')  I saw Archie Boyle in the afternoon. 
('Birchall', 'I')  I saw Sir Raymond Birchall on the various points which I had raised with Maxwell about the handling or telechecks, etc. 
('Birchall', 'I')  I saw Sir Raymond Birchall on the various points which I had raised with Maxwell about the handling of telechecks, etc. 
('Birchall', 'I')  I saw Sir Frank Newsar to-day and explained to him in detail the position that had been reached.regarding Orme Sargent' 197 lette to Sir Raymond Birchall, suggesting that the time had now come for Gambier Taray's Maintenance Group to take over the initial inspection and subsequent technical maintenance of our missions abroad, and that as it was important that they should be kept abreast of all current developments, a liaison officer from the G.P.0. 
('Birchall', 'I')  I saw David Boyle, who is sending me a note about I then undertook to go and discuss the case with Birchall. 
('Birchall', 'I')  I went to see Birchall about who had been employed by David Boyle in the Middle East. 
('Birchall', 'I')  I saw Birchall about a suggestion that Allan should go to Trinidad with a small mission mnich to look into the Post Office system generally. 
('Birchall', 'I')  I saw Birchall and asked him about Allan's visit to Trinidad, the purpose of which is to see what can be done about interception. 
('Belfast', 'Dublin')  He had been responsible for the telephone censorship from Liverpool to Dublin and Belfast. 
('Belfast', 'Dublin')  The question is how did the girl, who sent her telegram from Dublin, come to think that the Royal Sovereign was at Belfast?. 
('Belfast', 'Dublin')  STEWART runs several shipping lines between Belfast, Dublin, this country and Antwerp. 
('Belfast', 'Dublin')  The Sunday Despatch has an article by Lord Donegal on a conversation he has had from Belfast with PETERSEN in Dublin. 
('Belfast', 'Dublin')  Sempill wants to go to N.Ireland and also to Dublin, to open some new branch of the Institution of Production Engineers in Belfast. 
('Belfast', 'Dublin')  He was travelling as a restaurint car assistant betveen Dublin and Belfast. 
('Belfast', 'Dublin')  When arrested at the frontier three docu- ments were found in his sock, from the IRA Dublin to the IRA Belfast. 
('Baker', 'I')  I thought however that to make doubly sure he should see Hampshire before seeing PRINGSHEIM and point out that Noel Baker might have a come back from Lucy Middleton for disclosing the source of information which she had given in confidence. 
('Baker', 'I')  I saw Air Vice Marshal Baker about allowing Shotter to wear uniform in the Middle East, and also to take promotion. 
('Baker', 'I')  Pat Daviss, who is Principal Secretary to Noel Baker, told me that she had recenly had a ridiculous report about Ireland from M.I.5, mentioning a sum of 250,000,000 said to be going from the I.R.A, I think, to Russia. 
('Baker', 'I')  I have arranged with Baker of the Home Office that Inspector Dick shall see Cornish on internment questions. 
('Baker', 'I')  I told Baker-Cresswell that as the story was entirely a matter for L.C.S., as there was no C.E. 
('Baker', 'I')  I told him that as this was a matter for the Home Office, he ought to see Cornish, and I had in fact arranged an interview after speaking to Baker. 
('Baker', 'I')  I attended the Brook Corraittee meeting to-day, on which sir Harold Parker, Sir Robert Gould, Baker, Nicholis and Peck were present, Brook being in the Chair. 
('BURGESS', 'MACLEAN')  While there may be a good deal in what Wapler said, I had in mind (although I did not of course mention it) the case of the fairly high Foreign Office official controlling the Satellite desk, against whom the proposed action by the Surete had been suppressed on the orders of M. Pleven - the idea being that a French BURGESS and MACLEAN case would have an adverse effect upon the economic aid which the French Government were expecting from the United States. 
('BURGESS', 'MACLEAN')  'C' hoped that it might be possible to start the interrogation by discussing BURGESS and MACLEAN and leading from them to PEACH. 
('BURGESS', 'MACLEAN')  As CAIRNCROSS is of the same Cambridge vintage as BURGESS and MACLEAN and knew them both, it looks very much as if he was at one time an agent of BURGESS. 
('BURGESS', 'MACLEAN')  Anthony then told me that, quite fortuitously, a friend of his had obtained the name of the individual who alleged some time ago that he had actually seen BURGESS and MACLEAN in some cafe in the south of France. 
('BURGESS', 'MACLEAN')  The Individual's name was BARRINGTON-SMITH, who did know BURGESS and MACLEAN but, I gather, not very well. 
('BURGESS', 'MACLEAN')  Alternatively, Tommy may have been treating the whole business as a case and trying to eliminate one by one all those who could conceivably have betrayed to BURGESS that definite interest was being taken in MACLEAN. 
('BURGESS', 'MACLEAN')  only, namely, certain people suspected of having had connections with BURGESS and MACLEAN. 
('Accra', 'I')  (a) I could not see why the Colonial office should be apprehensive about the appointment, since if it was the intention of the French to report on subversive movements in British Colonies in West Africa, they already had a Consul in Accra who had probably been doing this for some time. 
('Accra', 'I')  -------------- I saw [redacted] in connection with the appointment of an SDECE representative to Accra. 
('Accra', 'I')  He told me that [redacted] accepted what I had told him about the appointment of one of his officers in Accra. 
('Accra', 'I')  -------------- I went on to see Pat Reilly, with whom I discussed the question of French representation in Accra. 
('Accra', 'I')  While the present arrangements for handling these matters, through visits from Accra and direct communication with the Commissioner of Police, are satisfactory, I think we should retain our office in Lagos and aim at sending out an S.L.O. 
('Accra', 'I')  Meanwhile, the station can I think carry on quite effectively by direct communication with the Police in Lagos and a monthly visit of three or four days by someone from Accra. 
('Accra', 'I')  Stephens still thinks that it will be necessary to have four officers, but I am inclined to think that when the rationalisation of the work at Accra begins to take effect this may no longer be necessary, and that [redacted] could then be withdrawn. 
('Yugo', 'ZIG ZAG')  ZIG ZAG had been asked by a Yugo-Slav to.do a job on a safe owned by the King of Yugo- Slavia. 
('Yugo', 'ZIG ZAG')  In this way ZIG ZAG learned that two other Yugo-Slav journalists were getting $40 a month from the Embassy to spy on their own nationals. 
('Yugo', 'ZIG ZAG')  ZIG ZAG had been asked by a Yugo-Slav to do a job on a safe owned by the King of Yugo- Slavia. 
('Yugo', 'ZIG ZAG')  In this way ZIG ZAG learned that two other Yugo-Slav journalists were getting 40 a month from the Embassy to spy on their own nationals. 
('Yugo', 'ZIG ZAG')  ZIG ZAG had been asked by a Yugo-Slav to.do a job on a safe owned by the King of Yugo- Slavia. 
('Yugo', 'ZIG ZAG')  In this way ZIG ZAG learned that two other Yugo-Slav journalists were getting 40 a month from the Embassy to spy on their own nationals. 
('WILMER', 'ZIG ZAG')  ZIG ZAG is working with WILMER, one of the ex-Mayfair Boys. 
('WILMER', 'ZIG ZAG')  In exchange for this little service, Burt will expect more information from ZIG ZAG and WILMER! 
('WILMER', 'ZIG ZAG')  ZIG ZAG is working with WILMER, one of the ex-Mayfair Boys. 
('WILMER', 'ZIG ZAG')  In exchange for this little service, Burt will expect more information from ZIG ZAG and WILMER! 
('WILMER', 'ZIG ZAG')  ZIG ZAG is working with WILMER, one of the ex-Mayfair Boys. 
('WILMER', 'ZIG ZAG')  In exchange for this little service, Burt will expect more information from ZIG ZAG and WILMER! 
('Stalin', 'ZILLIACUS')  This coincided with a visit by ZILLIACUS, who had an inter- view with Stalin. 
('Stalin', 'ZILLIACUS')  This proposal came almost immediately after a visit by ZILLIACUS to Warsaw and Moscow, where he had an inter- view with Stalin. 
('Stalin', 'ZILLIACUS')  This coincided with a visit by ZILLIACUS, who had an inter- view with Stalin. 
('Stalin', 'ZILLIACUS')  The furtherance of this movement has been a suggestion from Warsaw that a Left Wing Socialist International should be formed, which would be known as SOCINFORM This proposal came almost immediately after  visit by ZILLIACUS to Warsaw and Moscow, where he had an inter- view with Stalin. 
('Stalin', 'ZILLIACUS')  This coincided with a visit by ZILLIACUS, who had an inter- view with Stalin. 
('Stalin', 'ZILLIACUS')  This proposal came almost immediately after a visit by ZILLIACUS to Warsaw and Moscow, where he had an inter- view with Stalin. 
('Sneath', 'WITT')  Sneath came to see me about the case of Otto WITT who has been in touch with our Legation in Stockholm. 
('Sneath', 'WITT')  Sneath has seen Leonard Ingrams about WITT. 
('Sneath', 'WITT')  Sneath is doubtful about WITT but we both thought that he might possibly be made some use of if he was allowed to follow his own line of putting out on a special transmitter propaganda which would cause disruption in army circles. 
('Sneath', 'WITT')  Sneath tells me today that his informant took WITT out last night to Kempinski's. 
('Sneath', 'WITT')  WITT who had refused to drink with Sneath, started with beer, when C on with chiahti and then took two whiskies and sodas with ginger ale, which he des- cribed as "das ist ja blos limonade". 
('Sneath', 'WITT')  Sneath, contrary to the view held by 020, believes that WITT, though anti-Hitler, is a National-Socialist and a German agent. 
('Plymouth', 'Portsmouth')  Phillips said he thought that was a fair estimate of the position I said that we would do all we could to supply the information he required, and that I would send Boddington down to Portsmouth towards the end of next week, and that he might also be able to visit Plymouth. 
('Plymouth', 'Portsmouth')  I said that we would do all we could to supply the information he required, and that I would send Boddington down to Portsmouth towards the end of next week, and that he might also 79 be able to visit Plymouth. 
('Plymouth', 'Portsmouth')  There is, however, just the possibility that some local organiser in Plymouth or Portsmouth is getting hold of some disgruntled elements without the knowledge of his Head- quarters, but on this we have no evidence. 
('Plymouth', 'Portsmouth')  To clear the matter up one way or another, Oughton is going to visit the Plymouth and Portsmouth police and thereafter we may impose some H.O.Ws so as to get a better picture of local Party activity. 
('Plymouth', 'Portsmouth')  The Forth, Harwich, Humber, Dover, Plymouth, Portsmouth, Medway and possibly the Clyde. 
('Plymouth', 'Portsmouth')  The-Russian Air Attache had bought large-scale maps of Portsmouth, Nottingham, Plymouth and Birmingham. 
('Persia', 'Turkey')  In Persia, Tabriz is an area of the greatest tactical importance to Russia From there she con directly disturb Persia and Iraq or by penetrating deeply into Turkey from the West. 
('Persia', 'Turkey')  They have also written a memorandum to Bridges which is, on the whole, a fair statement, but at one place does make the erroneous assumption that we agreed to the withdrawal of SIME from Persia and Turkey - in fact, of course, we had no jurisdiction over SIME at that period, and we did all we could to binge maintain his post in Turkey. 
('Persia', 'Turkey')  They have also written a memorandum to Bridges which is, on the whole, a fair atatement, but at one place does make the erroneous assumption that we agreed to the withdrawal of SIME from Persia and Turkey - in fact, of course, we had no jurisdiction over SIME at that period, and we did all we could to binge to maintain his post in Turkey. 
('Persia', 'Turkey')  Russia might, through her ignorance, become involved in such a war if she carried her subversive activities too far, particularly in places like Persia or Turkey, which were vital to Allied defence. 
('Persia', 'Turkey')  Special material shows that Persia, Turkey and Egypt are contemplating a Moslem bioc to resist possible Russian agression. 
('Persia', 'Turkey')  Unless and until they can defeat Russia, it is thought unlikely that they will attempt an invasion of the British Isles, an occupation of the Iberian Peninsua and Swden or French North or West Africa, an attack on Egypt through Cyprus and Syria, an attack on Iraq and Persia through wyprus and Syria, or Turkey, an attack on the Caucasus through surkey or move into India unless Turkey acquiesces It is thought that Japan will aim at (a) consolidating as quickly as possible her East Asiatic sphere and completing it by the occupation of Burma, achieving peace in China, occupy ing bases in the S.W. 
('Persia', 'Tudeh')  S.I.S have produced an interesting report on the economic and political situation in Yugoslavia, and also one on the break up on the Tudeh Party in Persia which has resulted from the attempted assassination of the Shah. 
('Persia', 'Tudeh')  The Americans have been far from helpful; they believe that if economic chaos descends upon Persia, she is likely to go Communist and that with the Tudeh Party in power the whole area will come under Soviet domination. 
('Persia', 'Tudeh')  In Persia it was stated that the recent rioting hed, to a large extent, been Tudeh Party inspired. 
('Persia', 'Tudeh')  We discussed a paper in Persia and what the effects would be if the Tudeh Party were able to take over power. 
('Persia', 'Tudeh')  to-day we discussed a paper on the implications of a Tudeh regime in Persia, The main conclusion reached was that the Russians would not attempt to occupy Persia, but would put in missions of one kind or another ander cover of which they would build aerodromes, barracks, etc., which would facilitate their passage through the country in the event of war. 
('Persia', 'Tudeh')  I felt that we might quite easily wake up to find a Tudeh Government established in Persia, but I did not know what anyone was prepared to do about it. 
('OLIVER', 'ROHAN')  Nothing had been said to him about his alleged remarks in front of the Princess de ROHAN and Mrs. OLIVER in Gibraltar, and nothing had been said to him about [redacted] incident. 
('OLIVER', 'ROHAN')  I told him that, according to our information, he had intimated both to the Princess de ROHAN and Mrs. OLIVER that Mills was not only Defence Security Officer [redacted]. 
('OLIVER', 'ROHAN')  BURGESS said that he could not possibly have said anything of the kind to the Princess de ROHAN or Mrs. OLIVER, as in fact he did not know until I told him that Mills [redacted]. 
('OLIVER', 'ROHAN')  He told them that he had met Princess de ROHAN and Mrs. OLIVER at the Rock Hotel, that they were extremely nice people and he hoped that Mills would look after them. 
('OLIVER', 'ROHAN')  As was subsequently learned from Princess de ROHAN, BURGESS spent an evening with her and Mrs. OLIVER in their room, where he got very drunk at their. 
('OLIVER', 'ROHAN')  Before leaving for Tangier, BURGESS rang up Mills and said he was not really sure about de ROHAN or Mrs. OLIVER and that they might, in fact, be up to anything. 
('Navy', 'Phillips')  Phillips, A.D.N.I., came over for a dis- cussion with F-J, Boddington and myself about setting up some machinery by which the Navy could be kept informed of the re- actions of the fleet to Admiralty orders, Phillips and the D.N.I. 
('Navy', 'Phillips')  9th October Phillips of NID came over to say that in view of the cuts in the Navy which would be published on Wednesday next the First Lord had sent for DNI and asked him to get whatever information he could as to the effect on naval ratings. 
('Navy', 'Phillips')  Phillips, A.D.N.I., came over for a dis- cussion with F-J, Boddington and myself about setting up some machinery by which the Navy could be kept informed of the re- actions of the fleet to Admiralty orders, Phillips and the D.N.I. 
('Navy', 'Phillips')  9th October Phillips of NID came over to say that in view of the cuts in the Navy which would be published on Wednesday next the First Lord had sent for DNI and asked him to get whatever information he could as to the effect on naval ratings. 
('Navy', 'Phillips')  I told Phillips that it was not really a responsibility of ours to snoop on the Navy, but that ever since Invergordon we had to some extent been drawn into these matters as there did not seem to be any other appropriate organisation to deal with them. 
('Navy', 'Phillips')  Phillips, A.D.N.I., came over for a dis- cussion with F-J, Boddington and myself about setting up some machinery by which the Navy could be kept informed of the re- actions of the fleet to Admiralty orders. 
('Moran', 'Stephens')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Moran', 'Stephens')  Captain Moran was rather shocked by this remark, as it seemed to him that it was made deliberately to induce him to say things against Stephens, and there was of course an implied threat that if he did not he might find himself in the game boat. 
('Moran', 'Stephens')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Moran', 'Stephens')  Captain Moran was rather shocked by this remark, as it seemed to him that it was made deliberately to induce him to say things against Stephens, and there was of course an implied threat that if he did not he might find himself in the game boat. 
('Moran', 'Stephens')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Moran', 'Stephens')  Captain Moran was rather shocked by this remark, as it seemed to him that it was made deliberately to induce him to say things against Stephens, and there was of course an implied threat that if he did not he might find himself in the same boat. 
('Maxwell', 'Newsam')  Newsam them suggested that we might have a talk with Maxwell. 
('Maxwell', 'Newsam')  Birkett recommended his release, which was supporter by Newsam and Maxwell. 
('Maxwell', 'Newsam')  and had discussed it with Newsam and Maxwell. 
('Maxwell', 'Newsam')  went to see Maxwell and Newsam, and eventually persuaded them to stop the hearing of Cat.B cases in non-protected. 
('Maxwell', 'Newsam')  He previously withdrew his memo since in view of what Maxwell and Newsam had to say he thought it would be better to defer action until the new tribunals had done their work. 
('Maxwell', 'Newsam')  tells me that Maxwell has refused to consider our representations about the internment of 500 members of the B.F. Later I had a long conversation with Newsam. 
('Malayan', 'Singapore')  should be broken up between the two Commissioners of Police in the Malayan Union and Singapore, and act as the Special Branch under the local Police officials. 
('Malayan', 'Singapore')  Police in the Malayan Union and Singapore, and act as the Special Branch under the local Police officials. 
('Malayan', 'Singapore')  Police in the Malayan Union and Singapore, and act as the Special Branch under the local Police officials. 
('Malayan', 'Singapore')  He feel a general lack of information, but the primary collectors of such information on halayan territory have, of course, been the Malayan Security Service, formerly under Dalley, but not split up into S.B.s of the Malayan Union and Singapore at last. 
('Malayan', 'Singapore')  He sai that neither in the Malayan Union nor in Singapore had the S.B.s any proper conception of their tasks. 
('Malayan', 'Singapore')  -------------- A man called Shears, late of the Malayan Security Service, and now Stipendiary Magistrate in Singapore, came to see me about one, ELIAS, a wealthy jewish barrister who had been employed on security duties during. 
('Malaya', 'Singapore')  The Germans boarded the ship and in the captain's cabin found (a) a report from Sir Robert Brook-Popham, C. in C Malaya to London giving the dispositions of all British planes in Singapore and Malaya and making an urgent request for RAF reinforcements. 
('Malaya', 'Singapore')  Singapore remains outside the Federation and it is the fear of the Malaya that they will be swamped by a Chinese invasion, On the other hand, the Chinese born in Malaya will have Federal citisenship, as will also those who have been long established and domiciled in the Colony. 
('Malaya', 'Singapore')  Singapore remains outside the Federation and it is the fear of the Malaya that they will be swamped by a Chinese invasion. 
('Malaya', 'Singapore')  or at its component parts which were now under the Commissioners of Police Singapore and Malaya. 
('Malaya', 'Singapore')  -------------- Jack Morton and Bamford came to see me about a request from George Jenkin that we should find him a man with a certain knowledge of business and, above all, intelligence work who could be placed in some firm in Singapore and build up a secret network in Malaya. 
('Malaya', 'Singapore')  I asked MacDonald about the production of intelligence in Malaya and Singapore. 
('Magan', 'Morton')  It was agreed that Morton should delay his return to Iraq until we had had an opportunity of discussing his position with Magan, who is returning here on the [missing]th November. 
('Magan', 'Morton')  After a long consultation with Magan and Dick it was decided that Morton should make a tentative approach to Busk about obtaining Embassy cover. 
('Magan', 'Morton')  It was agreed that Morton should delay his return to Iraq until we had had an opportunity of discussing his position with Magan, who is returning here on the 6th November. 
('Magan', 'Morton')  It was agreed that Morton should delay his return to Iraq until we had had an opportunity of discussing his position with Magan, who is returning here on the ?th November. 
('Magan', 'Morton')  After a long consultation with Magan and Dick it was decided that Morton should make a tentative approach to Busk about obtaining Embassy cover. 
('Magan', 'Morton')  We had a further meeting on Integration - Jack Morton, Magan, Dick White, Kellar and others being presents as a result of which we reached fairly firm conclusions on what our requirements were with regard to outstations of both S.I.M.E and S.I.F.E. 
('Lethbridge', 'Rhodes')  The matter was further discussed by Rhodes with General Lethbridge, and a short time ago we received a letter from the Intelligence Division, saying that they very much welcomed the idea of having one of our officers in Germany. 
('Lethbridge', 'Rhodes')  I pointed this out both to Rhodes and to Gen. Lethbridge, D.N.I. 
('Lethbridge', 'Rhodes')  The matter was further discussed by Rhodes with General Lethbridge, and a short time ago we received a letter from the Intelligence Division, saying that they very much welcomed the idea of having one of our officers in Germany. 
('Lethbridge', 'Rhodes')  'C' however threw some doubt on the advisability of creating a War Room with the Americans owing to the differences which exist between G.2., I got Col. Rhodes, who attended the meeting with Gen. Lethbridge, to come round after inch. 
('Lethbridge', 'Rhodes')  I pointed this out both to Rhodes and to Gen. Lethbridge, 96 D.N.I. 
('Lethbridge', 'Rhodes')  The matter was further discussed by Rhodes with General Lethbridge, and a short time ago we received a letter from the Intelligence Division, saying that they very much welcomed the idea of having one of our officers in Germany. 
('LASERSTEIN', 'Machell')  Machell came to see me about a man called LASERSTEIN, who he gathered had formerly been employed by ourselves [missing] and was turned down for further employment, He had heard that LASERSTEIN was now going to take up some job in the Afghan Govern- ment in Kabul. 
('LASERSTEIN', 'Machell')  Machell said that he had no axe to grind whatever, but he wondered whether the fact of LASERSTEIN going to take up a post in the Afghan Government might make it worth while for someone to reconsider his case. 
('LASERSTEIN', 'Machell')  13th November, Machell came to see me about a man called LASERSTEIN, who he gathered had formerly been employed by ourselves	and was turned down for further employment. 
('LASERSTEIN', 'Machell')  Machell said that he had no axe to grind whatever, but he wondered whether the fact of LASERSTEIN going to take up a post in the Afghan Government might make it worth while for someone to reconsider his case. 
('LASERSTEIN', 'Machell')  Machell came to see me about a man called LASERSTEIN, who he gathered had formerly been employed by ourselves and was turned down for further employment. 
('LASERSTEIN', 'Machell')  Machell said that he had no axe to grind whatever, but he wondered whether the fact of LASERSTEIN going to take up a post in the Afghan Government might make it worth while for someone to reconsider his case. 
('LACHMANN', 'Robinson')  Carew Robinson telephoned to me to say that LACHMANN had now been given permission by the Ministry of Supply to take up employment Handley Pages works. 
('LACHMANN', 'Robinson')  Robinson wondered whether we had been consulted, since this was contrary to the order made by the Home Secretary when LACHMANN was released. 
('LACHMANN', 'Robinson')  Carew Robinson telephoned to me to say that LACHMANN had now been given permission by the Ministry of Supply to take up employment in Handley Pages works. 
('LACHMANN', 'Robinson')  Robinson wondered whether we had been consulted, since this was contrary to the order made by the Home Secretary when LACHMANN was released. 
('LACHMANN', 'Robinson')  Carew Robinson telephoned to me to say that LACHMANN had now been given permission by the Ministry of Supply to take up employment in Handley Pages works. 
('LACHMANN', 'Robinson')  Robinson wondered whether we had been consulted, since this was contrary to the order made by the Home Secretary when LACHMANN was released. 
('Kim', 'Tommy')  She had, however, been worried by a question put to her by Tommy HARRIS, after he and Kim had been drinking fairly heavily. 
('Kim', 'Tommy')  It is, however, possible that in the course of a long discussion with Kim, Tommy had become slightly apprehensive about Kim's part in the whole affair. 
('Kim', 'Tommy')  Dick saw no harm in this but did not think I could discuss Kim unless Tommy opened the ball. 
('Kim', 'Tommy')  It arose from the fact that there was a warrant on Kim and that while he was staying with Tommy Harris the warrant was switched to Tommy's house. 
('Kim', 'Tommy')  I would much prefer to see Tommy and say to him that I presume that Kim must have discussed his troubles, and ask him precisely what Kim had told him, since it would be viously difficult and improper for me to go outside anything that Kim had actually conveyed to Tommy himself. 
('Kim', 'Tommy')  Eileen seems to think that some approach has been made to Tommy on the basis of the information which she gave and that she is now getting the reaction through Kim, who is treating her pretty coldly. 
('Kellar', 'Roberts')  Dick, Kellar and I had a talk about Douglas Roberts coming visit. 
('Kellar', 'Roberts')  Moreover, Douglas Roberts contradicted himself completely when he said that Kellar would not be suitable as he is not a soldier and then recommended Giles who is a policeman. 
('Kellar', 'Roberts')  He had already had the opinion of Roberts who began by saying that Kellar would not do because he was not a soldier and then went on to suggest Giles who was a Levantine policeman. 
('Kellar', 'Roberts')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('Kellar', 'Roberts')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('Kellar', 'Roberts')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts. 
('Jamaica', 'Trinidad')  The Caribbean area would be run by two D.S.O.s, one in the north and one in the south, in Trinidad and Jamaica respectively, and K.G. 
('Jamaica', 'Trinidad')  Adams and Supt James of Jamaica and Trinidad respectively. 
('Jamaica', 'Trinidad')  that we put an officer in Jamaica and Trinidad. 
('Jamaica', 'Trinidad')  Valentine, who in the last war was in charge of censorship in Trinidad and now works in Thomas Cook & Sons, will be leaving in the middle of September for Trinidad, Jamaica, British Guiana, Antigua, St. Lucia and the Bahamas, to make certain preparatory arrangements on behalf of the Censorship Committee. 
('Jamaica', 'Trinidad')  He will wish to make contact with our representatives in Trinidad and Jamaica. 
('Jamaica', 'Trinidad')  Shaw also mentioned the possibility of trouble in Trinidad oil fields, which is to be concerted with Left Wing activities in Jamaica. 
('Iraq', 'Medhurst')  Provisionally we thought that Morton should see Medhurst on his way back, explain to him his difficulties with the Air Force in Iraq and try and enlist Medhurst's support. 
('Iraq', 'Medhurst')  When Magan comes back, it is suggested that he might arrange to visit Iraq with Medhurst and settle the whole thing on the spot. 
('Iraq', 'Medhurst')  Provisionally we thought that Morton should see Medhurst on his way back, explain to him his difficulties with the Air Force in Iraq and try and enlist Medhurst's support. 
('Iraq', 'Medhurst')  When Magan comes back, it is suggested that he might arrange to visit Iraq with Medhurst and settle the whole thing on the spot. 
('Iraq', 'Medhurst')  Provisionally we thought that Morton should see Medhurst on his way back, explain to him his difficulties with the Air Force in Iraq and try and enlist Medhurst's support. 
('Iraq', 'Medhurst')  When Magan comes back, it is suggested that he might arrange to visit Iraq with Medhurst and settle the whole thing on the spot. 
('Iraq', 'Magan')  It was agreed that Morton should delay his return to Iraq until we had had an opportunity of discussing his position with Magan, who is returning here on the [missing]th November. 
('Iraq', 'Magan')  When Magan comes back, it is suggested that he might arrange to visit Iraq with Medhurst and settle the whole thing on the spot. 
('Iraq', 'Magan')  It was agreed that Morton should delay his return to Iraq until we had had an opportunity of discussing his position with Magan, who is returning here on the 6th November. 
('Iraq', 'Magan')  When Magan comes back, it is suggested that he might arrange to visit Iraq with Medhurst and settle the whole thing on the spot. 
('Iraq', 'Magan')  It was agreed that Morton should delay his return to Iraq until we had had an opportunity of discussing his position with Magan, who is returning here on the ?th November. 
('Iraq', 'Magan')  When Magan comes back, it is suggested that he might arrange to visit Iraq with Medhurst and settle the whole thing on the spot. 
('International', 'Warsaw')  There has been talk in Warsaw, according to ar article in the Times, or the formation of a Left wing International. 
('International', 'Warsaw')  The furtherance of this movement has been a suggestion from Warsaw that a Left Wing Socialist International should be formed, which would be known as SOCINFORM. 
('International', 'Warsaw')  In Western Europe it seems to be Moscow's policy to split the Socialist Parties: this they have already done in Italy with some success; since the Left Wing Socialist Party, under Nenni, vote regularly with the Communists There has been talk in Warsaw, according to an article in the Times, of the formation of a Left Wing International. 
('International', 'Warsaw')  The furtherance of this movement has been a suggestion from Warsaw that a Left Wing Socialist International should be formed, which would be known as SOCINFORM This proposal came almost immediately after  visit by ZILLIACUS to Warsaw and Moscow, where he had an inter- view with Stalin. 
('International', 'Warsaw')  There has been talk in Warsaw, according to an article in the Times, of the formation of a Left wing International. 
('International', 'Warsaw')  The furtherance of this movement has been a suggestion from Warsaw that a Left Wing Socialist International 115 should be formed, which would be known as SOCINFORM. 
('Iceland', 'Stopford')  A plan to be known as Spider has been worked out for the "Arctic" transmitter, and Stopford is to go to Iceland to carry it out. 
('Iceland', 'Stopford')  I saw Medhurst in the evening in an endeavour to get suitable air transport for Stopford from the Clyde to Iceland. 
('Iceland', 'Stopford')  Stopford has got to Scapa and the C.in C. is making the necessary arrangements for him to go to Iceland from the Clyde after he has interviewed the prisoners and decided which ones he wishes to take with him. 
('Iceland', 'Stopford')  Stopford has sent a rather agitated tele- gram from Iceland. 
('Iceland', 'Stopford')  Stopford returned from Iceland with stories of the chaotic state of security there. 
('Iceland', 'Stopford')  Stopford is returning to Iceland for a fortnight tomorrow. 
('I', 'Winston')  This is of course quite ridiculous in so far as MI5 is concerned, since I am certain that Winston was merely referring to the socialisation of industry and controls which caused the appointment of staff of a Gestapo kind to see that the regulations were carried out. 
('I', 'Winston')  I believe that some sort of undertaking was given to him when he went back to Poland by Winston, to the effect that if he were in real difficulties he could always seek asylum in this country. 
('I', 'Winston')  I believe that some sort of undertaking was given to him when he went back to Poland by Winston, to the effect that if he were in real difficulties he could always seek asylum in this country. 
('I', 'Winston')  I believe that some sort of undertaking was given to him when he went back to Poland by Winston, to the effect that if he were in real difficulties he could always seek asylum in this country. 
('I', 'Winston')  Winston, I gather, takes a contrary view. 
('I', 'Winston')  I am told that Winston in discussing Torch with the President by cable, replied to the suggestion that the Americans should land first in N. Africa and be followed by the British in order not to wound the susceptibilities of the French, con- cluding his telegram by saying that though his experience in these matters was limited he had never before associated seduction with rape. 
('I', 'William')  I saw William Hayter there and expressed to him my misgivings about his telegram. 
('I', 'William')  This attitude is particularly irritating and I am rather inclined to have it out with William Hayter,when he returns, and 'C'. 
('I', 'William')  Mitchell and I saw Liesching, who had in Sir William Jenkin and another officer. 
('I', 'William')  I said that I thought a small number of trained detective inspectors would be useful to supplement the work of other officers, I did not think however that there would be many cases which they could investigate throughout the country entirely on their own William Charles mentioned the Manchester Letter as a type of case which could well have been handled by a police officer. 
('I', 'William')  I had a discussion with, J.C., Marriott and Wilson about Sweet William, who has been playing straight. 
('I', 'William')  He was I dined with D.G., Duff, Lord Selborn, Keswick I think of S.O.E., and Sir William Wise- The latter had just arrived here from the States. 
('I', 'Wickham')  So far as I could gather, he had been employed under Wickham during the bad times and the suggestion was that he had "planted" certain information on an I.R.A. 
('I', 'Wickham')  As a matter of fact it would be unwise, I think, for Boddington to handle this liaison, since there was some incident there during the period of the Black and Tans which resulted in Wickham, the Inspector General, having Boddington thrown out of the country. 
('I', 'Wickham')  I gather that Eugen Spier, Winston's friend, is to remain where he is on account of so last minute evidence supplied by Wickham Steed. 
('I', 'Wickham')  Later I telephoned to Wickham of the R.U.C. 
('I', 'Wickham')  I said that we thoroughly realised the necessity for such an officer and should be delighted to give Wickham any assistance. 
('I', 'Wickham')  I have spoken to Cecil and suggested that he should if possible go over to Ulster and see Wickham. 
('I', 'Union')  I explained to him all the difficulties which we have had with the Union. 
('I', 'Union')  I had a discussion with Hill and Irvine on the memorandum produced by the Security Committee working party on what the Russians were likely to know from publications in the Press and from documents circulated to Western Union powers and to "leaky" Dominions. 
('I', 'Union')  I quoted an instance where the boilermakers, who numbered some 80,000, had revoked a previous resolution prohibiting Communists from becoming office bearers in the Union. 
('I', 'Union')  Equally, I had to explain that most of the T.Us were only in embryo and that, with the exception of the Miners Union in the Copper Belt, Northern Rhodesia, none were affiliated with the W.F.T.U. 
('I', 'Union')  I said that while this action had been taken in regard to Governments, It did not follow that the people of Western Union countries, or the American people, would understand our action. 
('I', 'Union')  I said I thought that this might be unwise, since if by any chance it became possible for the Arabs to say that the British Government were reporting on their activities to the Jews, the Foreign Office would be seriously embarrassed, particularly at a moment like this when we were trying to bring the Arabs into Western Union defence schemes. 
('I', 'Trinidad')  I spoke to Tommy Harris who suggested that Garbo should either communicate direct with him or be given an address for DSO Trinidad in case he found himself in any difficulties. 
('I', 'Trinidad')  Charles, Dick, Ede, Kirby Green, Spencer and I discussed the question of Trinidad and the withdrawal of Tufnell-Barrett. 
('I', 'Trinidad')  I saw Birchall about a suggestion that Allan should go to Trinidad with a small mission mnich to look into the Post Office system generally. 
('I', 'Trinidad')  I saw Birchall and asked him about Allan's visit to Trinidad, the purpose of which is to see what can be done about interception. 
('I', 'Trinidad')  I saw Firth and Allan about the Trinidad project. 
('I', 'Trinidad')  I have read through the evidence given by HIRSCH who with Oscar GILINSKY was arrested at Trinidad en route to South America. 
('I', 'Treaty')  I said that there would obviously be considerable danger of an attempt on his life, either by Parties opposed to the Treaty or by the Irgun or Stern, and that while the Egyptian authorities would be anxious to prevent any such incident, recent events have shown that they might not be able to do a great deal. 
('I', 'Treaty')  - I subsequently heard that he was coming to sign the Treaty. 
('I', 'Treaty')  I subsequently heard that he was coming to sign the Treaty. 
('I', 'Treaty')  I told him that I thought Hoosens should be represented on the Brussels Treaty Security Committee. 
('I', 'Treaty')  I am a little inclined to think he may have a financial interest in Phillips whose name he is so anxious to clear, not only in the eyes of the Americans, but also the Brussels Treaty Powers. 
('I', 'Treaty')  I said that it was amply proven that they had supported the Irgun, and that if by any chance we were called to implement our Treaty with Transjordan, I would not like to say what the Irgun might do. 
('I', 'Trade')  I suggested that the Board of Trade might recall him, did not wish to discuss the matter with Lemaitre who had, in fact, been responsible for taking BODDINGTON on, knowing that he had been previously connected with the Marx Memorial Library. 
('I', 'Trade')  I suggested that the Board of Trade might recall him. 
('I', 'Trade')  I told him that in this country the Trade Unions were dealing with Communists who hela influential positions in the Unions, that we had a general picture of the situation, but that local Police Forces were responsible for sabotage or rioting. 
('I', 'Trade')  I thought that for the moment we should forget about GARBO and consider what positions would be most advantageous to us if we should find ways and means for holding them A lot of useful ground-work had been done with regard to the Military Attache's office and the Trade Delegation and our general impression, but no more than an impression, is that the Military Attache's office is largely concerned with the collection of onformation obtained from technical journals and other overt sources, and that members of the Trade Delegation who visited factories submit anything that they think of interest from an industrial mobilisation point of view. 
('I', 'Trade')  I was asked to say something about the legality of the Party and the Trade Unions. 
('I', 'Trade')  As regards the control of Unions, about which one speaker had expressed considerable anxiety, I said that this was quite a serious matter but really one which could be handled better hy the Trade Unions themselves than by anyone else. 
('I', 'Toby')  I had a word with Toby and Hart about a suggestion that those wishing to visit protected areas should carry a special pass. 
('I', 'Toby')  I had a talk with Toby and Jim about my note to the D.G. 
('I', 'Toby')  I have talked to Toby who is as puzzled as I am. 
('I', 'Toby')  I explained to him that I had shown my memo to Toby Pilcher before submitting it in order that he might verify the facts and let me know wether he thought I hid been in any way unfair in my criticisms. 
('I', 'Toby')  I had a meetig with Toby, Adam, Lick, Abbott, Albert and Orr, on the subject of a Reception Centre for British subjects arriving from abroad. 
('I', 'Toby')  I attended the dinner given to Toby by the office. 
('I', 'Templer')  I have had a letter from Gerald Templer, drawing attention to a certain penetration of the British Legion in Hants and Dorset. 
('I', 'Templer')  I had a talk with Battersby about a letter from Gerald Templer on Communist penetration in the British Legion. 
('I', 'Templer')  20th December I went to see Gerala Templer at his request. 
('I', 'Templer')  I talked to Boddington about interviewing certain people in the Ministry of Defence and the Foreign Office on the subject of the leakage of information concerning the Templer Mission. 
('I', 'Templer')  telephoned to say that Gerald Templer had been receiving threatening letters to the effect that if he took up his appointment in I [missing]alaya his children here would be in jeopardy. 
('I', 'Templer')  I intervened to make it clear what our responsibilities were, and to add that we had given General Templer the Head of S.I.F.E. 
('I', 'Stone')  I saw Pat Stone and drew some money and left for Washington by the night train on the 11th. 
('I', 'Stone')  Next day I saw Pat Stone. 
('I', 'Stone')  I thought he could perform really useful function there for in our offices and be of assistance to Pat Stone. 
('I', 'Stone')  I had Pat Stone to dinner. 
('I', 'Stone')  After lunch I saw Stone of External Affairs and talked to him a good deal abou the Spanish situation, and he arranged for me to see Robertson, the Under Secretary of State on the following day. 
('I', 'Stone')  904 November 2nd I had a long talk with Stone who is quite ready to go out to Freetown. 
('I', 'Senior')  I thought that it would be a good thing to abolish the ranks of Deputy and Assistant, since such ranks tended to make the organisation inflexible; it would, I thought, be preferable to talk about Senior Officers and Section Officers. 
('I', 'Senior')  Personally, I thought that the whole purpose of getting rid of Deputy Director was to make us more flexible, but evidently an establishment for Senior Officers has now been obtained from the Treasury which puts us back more or less where we started. 
('I', 'Senior')  I held the first weekly meeting with D.B., D.C., and their Senior Officers. 
('I', 'Senior')  Hollis and I expressed the view that such officers were not fitted to take over a Senior officer's job until they had been back here for about two years. 
('I', 'Senior')  He was worried about Senior Officers returning from abroad who had to serve under section officers, and I think particularly he had in mind the case of [missing], who finds that he has not got enough to do and wants to move. 
('I', 'Senior')  I saw Gen. Finlayson with Cecil at the Senior. 
('I', 'Secret')  I asked [redacted] if he had seen the recent report on the PIAT and PESCATORI interrogations which give in considerable detail the low-down on the British, American, French, Polish, Dutch, Russian Czech, German, Italian and Swiss Secret Services, during the war. 
('I', 'Secret')  I was relieved to hear that we do vet personnel, down to the lowest levels, in offices where Top Secret information is handled. 
('I', 'Secret')  I was, however, strongly opposed to such a sum being put on a Secret Service vote. 
('I', 'Secret')  I said that I was all in favour of this, provided the money did not come from the Secret Service vote. 
('I', 'Secret')  This seemed to me to be the best way out, as clearly I could not hand him a copy of a Top Secret document to work on at his own home. 
('I', 'Secret')  I said that she could expect that the Germans would gradually build up an organisation here; they already had a Security Service and a Secret Service, and they were being brought into European defence. 
('I', 'Second Front')  I congratulated him on his work and explained to him on the basis of Roger Fleetwood-Hesketh's enquiries what an immensely important part it had played in the operations on the Second Front. 
('I', 'Second Front')  August 18th At the D.G.s meeting I asked about the position of M.I.5 in relation to the Second Front. 
('I', 'Second Front')  with Harry Allen in the chair which discussed the duties which might be assigned to various M. I. branches when the Second Front opened. 
('I', 'Second Front')  I had a discussion with the D. G. about our obligations on the Second Front. 
('I', 'Second Front')  I gather also that de COURCY has been talking about the Second Front and that he is in close contact with Kennedy of the Planning Dept. 
('I', 'Second Front')  In the meantime I have written to G.P about Mobile Units and the Second Front. 
('I', 'Peter Dwyer')  C. was not very clear what Peter Dwyer was doing but suspected that I shout have a word with Philby. 
('I', 'Peter Dwyer')  In the evening I dined with Carnac, McLelland who is in charge of Corby, and Peter Dwyer. 
('I', 'Peter Dwyer')  I pointed out that Peter Dwyer, although an excellent fellow and doing extremely well, so actually doing our work in Canada and that there seemed to be a very positive need for somebody from our dept. 
('I', 'Peter Dwyer')  I said that Peter Dwyer was doing excellent work and that he was thoroughly persona grata with everybody. 
('I', 'Peter Dwyer')  I was insistant that if we had an officer there he should not share his office with Peter Dwyer. 
('I', 'Peter Dwyer')  It would have been possible, I suppose, for Peter Dwyer to wade through every single document and to send us a copy of the diary, and it may well be that if we had had our own representative there, who would have had an M.I.5 rather than an M.I.6 approach to the problem, this would have been done. 
('I', 'Perrin')  I made it clear to Perrin that in our view the chances of his getting the answer he wanted were extremely remote. 
('I', 'Perrin')  I had a meeting with D.B., D.C., B.2 and Perrin. 
('I', 'Perrin')  -------------- I attended a meeting to-day, called by Lord Portal, at which Rowlands, Perrin, and Cockcroft were present. 
('I', 'Perrin')  Rowlands and Perrin were prepared to accept this risk, which, frankly I do not think amounts to very much. 
('I', 'Perrin')  -------------- Dick and I attended a meeting in Roger Makins' room at the Foreign Office, at which Perrin was present, to discuss a point made by Portal. 
('I', 'Perrin')  I have arranged a meeting with Roger Makins and Perrin. 
('I', 'Paul')  I had a meeting with Hill and Dick about the case of Dr. Paul WEST, a naturalised-British journalist of German origin, who had been communicating information to a Dr. PLATOW in Germany about the Anglo-German Debts Conference in London. 
('I', 'Paul')  I was prompted to do this by a suggestion of Group Captain Paul that something should be done to watch these scientists when they visited their home country. 
('I', 'Paul')  I told all this to Group Captain Paul and also drew his attention to the various discussions which had taken place on the J.I.C., when we had strongly represented the undesirability of employing Germans on secret work for an indefinite period. 
('I', 'Paul')  I undertook to speak to Group Captain Paul at the J.I.C. 
('I', 'Paul')  I spoke to Group Captain Paul after the J.I.C. 
('I', 'Paul')  I also mentioned to him the case of Paul BORCHARDT. 
('I', 'Pakistan Times')  I saw Dick and Bamford on the subject of Jenkins letter to me published in the Pakistan Times. 
('I', 'Pakistan Times')  I told him that Kenneth Strong was unable to give him any employment in J.I.B., but that if he were going to Malaya or Java he would be glad to establish local contact, since rubber was a subject in which his department was interested Viv rang me up to ask me whether I had been Jenkin's letter in the Pakistan Times, to which the answer is "I'll say"!! 
('I', 'Pakistan Times')  I discussed with Vickery the last letter I have had from Bourne about the incident of the Pakistan Times. 
('I', 'Pakistan Times')  51 I saw Dick and Bamford on the subject of Jenkins letter to me published in the Pakistan Times. 
('I', 'Pakistan Times')  Viv rang me up to ask me whether I had seen Jenkin's letter in the Pakistan Times, to which the answer is "I'll say"!! 
('I', 'Pakistan Times')  I discussed with Vickery the last letter I have had from Bourne about the incident of the Pakistan Times. 
('I', 'Ostro')  A Major Brede in reporting on I Luft, reports on Ostro. 
('I', 'Ostro')  Ostro was run by I.H. 
('I', 'Ostro')  September 28th I had a meeting with Dick, topford, Hart, about action in connection with Ostro. 
('I', 'Ostro')  I had hoped that he might be able to tell us something about Ostro and the investigations being carried out on this subject in Egypt. 
('I', 'Ostro')  I saw Duff-Cooper on 3 matters: Ostro, AMERI) -can representation and Peppermint. 
('I', 'Ostro')  I explained the origin of Ostro and the measures we were proposing to take He quite agreed with our course of action. 
('I', 'Moscow')  I dined with Archie Doyle and Darton and discussed the SOE Mission in Moscow. 
('I', 'Moscow')  I asked whether he thought we should now do a general vetting job on JIC,JIS and anyone he who had been concerned with the Military Mission in Moscow. 
('I', 'Moscow')  I suggested that an opportunity might be taken when members of the Soviet Naval Mission return to Moscow to refuse a replacement until the Soviet Naval Mission was reduced to normal proportions. 
('I', 'Moscow')  He mentioned a paper by Admiral Stephens, who I think is the American Naval Attache in Moscow, which suggests cutting off all supplies to Russia and the satellites, and also that if this were done the whole machine would crack and disintegrate. 
('I', 'Moscow')  I pointed out to him the great difficulty of providing such a channel, While it was possible to find people who would receive information on behalf of the Soviet Government, it was extremely difficult to know what they thought of it when they got it, and still more difficult to know what Moscow thought of it. 
('I', 'Moscow')  I said that either the P.M. had intimated to the President that he was going to Moscow or the conversa- tion would not have taken place. 
('I', 'Ministers')  He dictated a covering letter to the Prime Minister in which I got him to include a phrase to the effect that he considered this draft more satisfactory than the original one, and he undertook to hand the copies to each of the Cabinet Ministers concerned on Sunday morning, when he would be seeing them. 
('I', 'Ministers')  I told the D.G, that I thought we had to be a little careful in matters of this kind not to incur the displeasure of Permanent Under Secretaries of State or other Ministers. 
('I', 'Ministers')  I asked Burt about protection for various Ministers against terrorism. 
('I', 'Ministers')  I said that in my opinion things were much better as they were, since Intelligence matters were usually of such complexity that the less Ministers had to do with them the better. 
('I', 'Ministers')  I said that I had discussed this mutter with the French, as I felt that it did clearly impinge upon the powers of Ministers of the Interior. 
('I', 'Ministers')  I have also suggested that something should be done to ensure that stories are fully sifted here before being passed round to the P.M., Cabinet Ministers and other officials. 
('I', 'Menzies')  Spoke Menzies, who tells me that a big explosion has occurred at Wilhelmshaven, for which I gather we are indirectly responsible. 
('I', 'Menzies')  I eventually succeeded in getting hold of Menzies who knew of the existence of the memo but had never been asked to put for- ward criticisms or been told that the matter was under discussion by the Cabinet. 
('I', 'Menzies')  I had a long discussion with Menzies, He tells me that every sort of intrigue is going on by those who want to take over the organisation and that criticisms are being made from every quarter by ignorant people. 
('I', 'Menzies')  From a talk I had subsequently with Menzies he evidently shares our view. 
('I', 'Menzies')  Stewart Menzies told me what I believe is an authentic story in connection with Winston's recent visit to the French. 
('I', 'Menzies')  I attended a meeting in Swinton's room at which Harker, Menzies, V.V. 
('I', 'Medlam')  I saw Medlam for a moment before his departure. 
('I', 'Medlam')  Medlam says that his correspondence comes by the direct route whereas as far as I can see we never know whether ours po by direct route or via Lisbon or Madrid. 
('I', 'Medlam')  I told Medlam to makeout a memo on the subject and to send it to Malcolm cumming with a copy to myself. 
('I', 'Medlam')  The set-up in southern Spain has become highly complicated and I was on the whole impressed by the way Medlam seemed to have the details more or less at his finger-tips. 
('I', 'Medlam')  Per- somally I think this is right thought whether Medlam can now make the change is another matter. 
('I', 'Medlam')  We will then get Medlam back and put him thoroughly in the picture I thought it was desirable that Medlam should report back in order that we might know exactly through what chan- nels he is proposing to place the deception. 
('I', 'Marshall')  [redacted], however who I believe ultimately wishes to become a British subject spoke of the incident to Marshall and offered to co-operate in any way he could provided his participation in the affair did not come to the notice of his superiors We have a description of the man in question and have arranged for [redacted] to be kept under observation. 
('I', 'Marshall')  I saw Marshall and told him that SIS had no special job for him at the moment as he was rather above the age that they were recruiting If however he took the Passport Control job in Paris and a vacancy occurred there would be no difficulty in his getting a transfer. 
('I', 'Marshall')  I told him that in our view this was a move against the Marshall Plan, and an attempt by the Russians to drive a wedge into the west through the two countries which they thought from their point of view were the most promising. 
('I', 'Marshall')  I told him that in our view this was a move against the Marshall Plan, and an attempt by the Russians to drive a wedge into the west through the two countries which they thought from their point of view were the most promising. 
('I', 'Marshall')  I attended a meeting, under the Chairmanship of Sir Eric de Normann, at which 'C' Barnett and Saffery from the Post Office, and Black and Marshall of the Ministry of Works were present. 
('I', 'Marshall')  -------------- Meanwhile, I had a call from Norman Brook's secretary, Marshall. 
('I', 'Manchester')  I then talked to him about the case of Joel CANG, the Polish journalist who represents the Times, Observer and Manchester Guardian in Poland. 
('I', 'Manchester')  It should, I think, be tactfully suggested to Manchester, and if necessary to other Boroughs, that if an enquiry is made about an individual now known to be residing in Manchester, there may well be records with the Lanos. 
('I', 'Manchester')  At the same time I have a sked Abbott at the Post Office to arrange direct lines for us to Glasgow, Liverpool and Manchester. 
('I', 'Manchester')  I think it is important that we should send a responsible B.officer up to Liverpool, Manchester and Glasgow in order to ensure that any enquiries that are made are properly carried out and that in certain cases no enquiries are made at all. 
('I', 'Manchester')  I said that I thought a small number of trained detective inspectors would be useful to supplement the work of other officers, I did not think however that there would be many cases which they could investigate throughout the country entirely on their own William Charles mentioned the Manchester Letter as a type of case which could well have been handled by a police officer. 
('I', 'Manchester')  August 22nd I had an interview with the Manchester Police on the case of SCOTT-FORD, who has been brought down to Brixton. 
('I', 'Malta')  I explained to Russell that it might well be necessary for us to know something or what is going on in Ceylon just as much as we may have to have some link with Malta even when the country obtained its independence. 
('I', 'Malta')  I said I thought the Bulletin would be of particular interest to D.S.O.s, Malta, Binraltar and the Caribbean area. 
('I', 'Malta')  I explained to him the position about his son in Malta and a general directive which we were issuing to D.S.Os, slowing the line of demarcation between ourselves and the Navy. 
('I', 'Malta')  I arrived at Heathrow at 4 p.m. from Malta. 
('I', 'Malta')  I arrived at Heathrow at 4 p.m. from Malta. 
('I', 'Malta')  I went to see Dick Casey but found that he had already left for Malta unexpectedly He wanted to have a look at the place before going on to the Middle East. 
('I', 'Malcom Cumming')  I told him to discuss the matter with Malcom Cumming. 
('I', 'Malcom Cumming')  I asked Malcom Cumming to go over and see his Staff Officer, Major Stapleton. 
('I', 'Malcom Cumming')  I told him to discuss the matter with Malcom Cumming. 
('I', 'Malcom Cumming')  I asked Malcom Cumming to go over and see his Staff Officer, Major Stapleton. 
('I', 'Malcom Cumming')  I discussed with Malcom Cumming, Charles and Horrocks the question of Briscoe's position vis a vis Hedger. 
('I', 'Malcom Cumming')  Malcom Cumming came in about two new defectors from Trieste, one, I think, a Jugo-Slav, and the other a Soviet citizen. 
('I', 'Malayan')  I feel a little that Malayan Security is usurping the functions of S.I.F.E. 
('I', 'Malayan')  I discussed with Courtenay Young the Malayan Security Service, which seemed to me to be getting rather across our tracks. 
('I', 'Malayan')  I had a long talk with Macdonald about the Malayan Police. 
('I', 'Malayan')  I said that I would certainly mention the matter to the D.G.,and suggested that he might send me a copy of his report on the Malayan Police, which I did not think the D.G. 
('I', 'Malayan')  I gather, however, that George Jenkin wants to go a little deeper; he wants to find one or two really high-grade agents who will have access to officials of the Executive Committee of the Malayan C.P. 
('I', 'Malayan')  Later I saw an ex-Special Branch officer named Davis, who had been serving with the Malayan Police for the last eighteen months in Penang. 
('I', 'Lish')  On the 13th I saw Lish Witson and Harvey, both of whom are working on communist matters. 
('I', 'Lish')  I lunched with Lish Witson and Harvey and discussed mainly ancient history. 
('I', 'Lish')  I said that Lish Whitson seemed to be far more concerned with finding out exactly where the offences in America were committed than anything else. 
('I', 'Lish')  Lish is, I think, relieved at being able to send something to his boss, of whom everybody in the F.B.I. 
('I', 'Lish')  -------------- I spent the evening with Lish Whitson and Johnny Cimperman. 
('I', 'Lish')  Lish Whitson came in to say goodbye and I went out to lunch with him and Johnny Cimperman. 
('I', 'Liaison')  I should imagine that SINE would have to move back with the Commanders-in-Chief, presumably, to North Africa, but it is possible that we might still be able to keep Jenkins as a Liaison Officer with the Egyptians. 
('I', 'Liaison')  I did, however, say that if India had a Dominion or Eire status we might have a Liaison officer for the purposes of an exchange of information with the Indian authorities. 
('I', 'Liaison')  I said, I felt the most that would be required would be one officer at Montgomery's Headquarters, who would act as a Liaison Officer with L.C.s. 
('I', 'Liaison')  I said I felt the most that would be required would be one officer at Montgomery's Headquarters, who would act as a Liaison Officer with L.C.S. 
('I', 'Liaison')  I had a discussion with Perfect and oughton about the function of Police Liaison Officers. 
('I', 'Liaison')  I dined with Walter I gather that he has been offered the job here of Liaison Officer betyeen S.I.S. 
('I', 'Lethbridge')  I had mentioned the matter informally to General Lethbridge when I saw him at the J.I.C. 
('I', 'Lethbridge')  I pointed this out both to Rhodes and to Gen. Lethbridge, D.N.I. 
('I', 'Lethbridge')  I had mentioned the matter informally to General Lethbridge when I saw him at the J.I.C. 
('I', 'Lethbridge')  'C' however threw some doubt on the advisability of creating a War Room with the Americans owing to the differences which exist between G.2., I got Col. Rhodes, who attended the meeting with Gen. Lethbridge, to come round after inch. 
('I', 'Lethbridge')  I pointed this out both to Rhodes and to Gen. Lethbridge, 96 D.N.I. 
('I', 'Lethbridge')  I had mentioned the matter informally to General Lethbridge when I saw him at the J.I.C. 
('I', 'Legation')  I thought that this could probably best be done in our Legation, to which we should both probably have access, since any apparent close co- operation with the Military Mission might bring suspicion on us both. 
('I', 'Legation')  I thought that this could probably best be done in our Legation, to which we should both probably have access, since any apparent close co- operation with the Military Mission might bring suspicion on us both. 
('I', 'Legation')  I thought that this could probably best be done in our Legation, to which we should both probably have access, since any apparent close co- open tion with the Military Mission might bring suspicion on us both. 
('I', 'Legation')  I explained that as things were at present the Germans had a Legation, a Press Bureau and sections of the Party in Eire, and that if these people could have free access to information in this country without any reasonable possibility of being detected, the whole work of M.I.5. 
('I', 'Legation')  Personally I think it is quite out of the question to consider posting agents outside the German Legation in Dublin. 
('I', 'Legation')  I could not tell him much about Stockholm but I gave him a general picture He apparently institutes fairly effective security precautions at the Legation. 
('I', 'Le')  I saw Le Mon this morning. 
('I', 'Le')  I said that, on the whole, we were not anxious to encourage Le Man to build up any sort of organisation here. 
('I', 'Le')  Eventually we arrived back at Baden-Baden: the mechanics got busy and we were off again in a quarter of an hour and this time had a successful flight to Le Bourget, where I took leave of who were going down by train to Limoges. 
('I', 'Le')  In the afternoon I saw Tibbett who works with Le Forgeais of the downtown office in vetting personnel of allied serices recruited in the western hemisphere. 
('I', 'Le')  June 19th I had a meeting with Le Forgeais and Tibbett when we discussed the question of the White Card system for recruits to allied armies. 
('I', 'Le')  July 3rd I saw Le Forgeais. 
('I', 'Kinnaird House')  I attended a meeting at Kinnaird House which had been called at the request of the Admiralty. 
('I', 'Kinnaird House')  May 6th I attended a meeting at Kinnaird House on the subject of Censorship in Africa. 
('I', 'Kinnaird House')  August 19th I attended a meeting at Kinnaird House on neutral missions to this country. 
('I', 'Kinnaird House')  I had a meeting at Kinnaird House about Ireland. 
('I', 'Kinnaird House')  I naturally agreed, since it is to everybody's advantage that Kinnaird House should know as much about the facts as possible. 
('I', 'Kinnaird House')  October 14th I attended a meeting at Kinnaird House. 
('I', 'Jim')  and Jim Hale I think rightly take the view that this will only increase the surface and make things worse. 
('I', 'Jim')  I had a talk with Toby and Jim about my note to the D.G. 
('I', 'Jim')  I told him that neither Jim Hale nor I had any feelings about who ran it but that we both were strong_y of the opinion that whoever controlled SCHWEPPES should also have access to all the material relevant to the case which would be obtained from other sources. 
('I', 'Jim')  I told Fulford to come to an arrangement with Jim. 
('I', 'Jim')  I have got Jim Hale working on a list of Germans for repatriation. 
('I', 'Jim')  Jim Hale has the matter in hand, but I gather that it does not present any very great difficulty. 
('I', 'Jebb')  I gather that Gladwyn Jebb and Warner will attend the meeting on behalf of the Foreign Office. 
('I', 'Jebb')  -------------- I attended an extremely dreary meeting of the Jebb Committee with Warner in the Chair, when we discussed the J.I.C. 
('I', 'Jebb')  I attended a further meeting of the Jebb Committee, with Warner in the Chair, when we discussed affairs in the Middle East and the possibility of assisting Middle Eastern countries to improve their security forces. 
('I', 'Jebb')  I suggested that he should communicate direct with Jebb. 
('I', 'Jebb')  I made it clear that we were by no means complacent and that if the Jebb Committee had any plan or any views we should be very ready to consider them. 
('I', 'Jebb')  I rang him up again at about 1 o'clock but as he was out I got on to Jebb to say that we had now informed CIGOGNA that he could go but that we should retain his map. 
('I', 'Italy')  I think he should be seen by the Appointments Board provided Margaret Sample, who worked with him in Italy, has a good opinion of him. 
('I', 'Italy')  I told him that we had recently had a report that a man, thought to be connected with illegal immigration in Italy, had been ringing up Landy, one of the principals of this Bank in London. 
('I', 'Italy')  I explained to him that we were waiting for a clearance, since the relevant passage in the discussions at Washington had been ieft out, from which it followed that if our representative turned up in Italy nobody would know who he was or why he had come. 
('I', 'Italy')  -------------- I spoke to Burt about the case in which one, [redacted], had given information to the American Embassy about the alleged interception by Greece of arms being sent from the U.S.A. to Italy - the idea being to divert these arms to Pakistan. 
('I', 'Italy')  He evidently gets about quite alot; he had recently been to Italy - I think under the auspices of I.R.D. 
('I', 'Italy')  At the board meeting this morning I explained about the Italian situation and suggested that Harry should warn the soldiers that there was a proposal to dump back in Italy as many Italians as we possibly could. 
('Howard', 'I')  I had a long telephone conversation with Howard of the Home office about E.V.Ws. 
('Howard', 'I')  I explained to Howard that the idea of a ringed fence was not practical. 
('Howard', 'I')  After speaking to Derby, I told Howard that the Consul was, as far as I knew, a reliable person. 
('Howard', 'I')  I suggested to Howard that he might 11 ke to consider whether the powers of an Immigration officer could be delegated to the Police, either at the port or when the alien registers. 
('Howard', 'I')  I had a long talk on the telephone with Howard of the Home office. 
('Howard', 'I')  I asked Howard to keep me informed about any measures proposed to mitigate the effect of taking off Immigration controls at the Western Ports, as we should like to comment on them. 
('House', 'Lords')  33 If the sentence is upheld there will almost certainly be an appeal to the House of Lords. 
('House', 'Lords')  in the House of Lords on the case of SROM, and a suggested reply. 
('House', 'Lords')  It seemed to me firstly, that there would very likely be a supplementary question enquiring about what was being done to the Polish refugee who had supplied the information, and that even if this could be got over in the House of Lords, the Press hounds would descend upon S.Y., which would certainly result in complications. 
('House', 'Lords')  Meanwhile the Lord Chancellor, in making a speech an the FUCHS case in the House of Lords, had stated that no such information was passed. 
('House', 'Lords')  Before lunch he listened to the record by BURGESS, which had been the subject of questions in the House of Lords, but just as we were going to start lunch he received an urgent call to go to Downing Street. 
('House', 'Lords')  Lord Newton made a protest about WITMAN's internment in the House of Lords. 
('Horrocks', 'Kellar')  I had a meeting with Charles, Horrocks, Dick, Ede, Clayton and Kellar to discuss administrative matters in connection with SIFE and SIME. 
('Horrocks', 'Kellar')  Since Alex is likely to be on the sick list for some months, we felt that Magan would have to go as Head of SIME, Dick has complete powers to arrange what he can with the High Commissioner, Kellar suggested that either Dick or, strangely, Horrocks should take over during his absence. 
('Horrocks', 'Kellar')  Kellar suggested that either Dick or, strangely Horrocks should take over during his absence. 
('Horrocks', 'Kellar')  3rd January We had a long tneeting with the D.C., myself, Kellar, Mor Dick and Horrocks. 
('Horrocks', 'Kellar')  I had a meeting with Dick, Kellar and Horrocks on the subject of joint C.E. 
('Horrocks', 'Kellar')  I asked whether Kellar had been conduited about this and was assured by Horrocks that he had been. 
('Hollis', 'Jones')  I explained to him the general lay-out of the office, and introduced him to Hollis and Furnival Jones. 
('Hollis', 'Jones')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hollis and Furnival Jones about the discussion at tomorrow J.C. on the Intelligence Division of the Control Commission in Germany. 
('Hollis', 'Jones')  I explained to him the general lay-out of the office, and introduced him to Hollis and Furnival Jones. 
('Hollis', 'Jones')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hollis and Furnival Jones about the discussion at tomorrow J.I.C. 
('Hollis', 'Jones')  I explained to him the general lay-out of the office, and introduced him to Hollis and Furnival Jones. 
('Hollis', 'Jones')  After three quarters of an hour he went on to Hollis, where he met Furnival Jones, Mitchell and Hinchley-Cooke. 
('Harry', 'Jo')  Had a meeting with Harry Allen, Tar, Jo Archer and Lee on the question of German scientists. 
('Harry', 'Jo')  Harry is rather worried about Jo ARCHER not having been made a Senior Officer. 
('Harry', 'Jo')  Harry, Roger, Jo Archer,FJ. 
('Harry', 'Jo')  I described to them more or less the basic functions of the office and they subsequently had talks with Harry Allen, Jo Archer, Hollis and Dick/ 11th February. 
('Harry', 'Jo')  Harry thought that possibly Furnival-Jones could act as No.2 to TAR and carry Jo. 
('Harry', 'Jo')  Harry thought that possibly Furnival-Jones could act as No.2 to TAR and carry Jo. 
('Harker', 'Horrocks')  Horrocks, Dick, Harker, Hollis and I attended a meeting of the DGS to discuss future staff. 
('Harker', 'Horrocks')  at which Harker, Butler, Horrocks, Ede, Dick and myself were present. 
('Harker', 'Horrocks')  Orr has written a memo on the position of Room 055 and Harker, Butler and Horrocks have produced another on its back history. 
('Harker', 'Horrocks')  is writing an long memo about our relations with Section V. Harker, Charles and Horrocks have seen it but I have not. 
('Harker', 'Horrocks')  smemo and told him that altho/ Harker, Butler and Horrocks had seen it I had not. 
('Harker', 'Horrocks')  Harker tells me that Horrocks is very much in favour of it. 
('Grogan', 'I')  I had a meeting with Vickery, Bamford, Grogan and Vivian on the suggested abolition of censorship in the Far East. 
('Grogan', 'I')  November 14th I had a meeting with Briscoe Cumming, Grogan and Hedger about the definition of functions between Hedger's laboratory and Censorship testing in time of war. 
('Grogan', 'I')  I had a talk with Grogan about secret inks. 
('Grogan', 'I')  I then discussed the position of Grogan. 
('Grogan', 'I')  April 4th I lunched with fierbert and discussed the position of Gibbs and Grogan. 
('Grogan', 'I')  I raised the question of the censorship of P/W mail, and urged Grogan to get things moving. 
('Greece', 'I')  I told him that Dick would be looking into the whole question of our representation in Greece as soon as he arrived in Cairo. 
('Greece', 'I')  I, who visited Greece, appears to be of the same view. 
('Greece', 'I')  I thought, in any case, that if the wife had property in Greece, she probably had a fairly lively corresponence with friends in that country. 
('Greece', 'I')  I told him my views about our proposed withdrawal from Beirut and Greece. 
('Greece', 'I')  I then discussed our recent decision to withdraw from Beirut and Greece. 
('Greece', 'I')  -------------- I spoke to Burt about the case in which one, [redacted], had given information to the American Embassy about the alleged interception by Greece of arms being sent from the U.S.A. to Italy - the idea being to divert these arms to Pakistan. 
('Glasgow', 'Liverpool')  except Glasgow, Liverpool and Bristol. 
('Glasgow', 'Liverpool')  's, or S.B.officers: Glasgow, Ardrossan, Stranraer, Heysham, Liverpool, Holyhead, Fishguard. 
('Glasgow', 'Liverpool')  to discuss an order from the S. of S. for War that the censorship was to be imposed forthwith on telephone conversa- tions from Liverpool, Glasgow and London to Dublin. 
('Glasgow', 'Liverpool')  At the same time I have a sked Abbott at the Post Office to arrange direct lines for us to Glasgow, Liverpool and Manchester. 
('Glasgow', 'Liverpool')  I think it is important that we should send a responsible B.officer up to Liverpool, Manchester and Glasgow in order to ensure that any enquiries that are made are properly carried out and that in certain cases no enquiries are made at all. 
('Glasgow', 'Liverpool')  We are getting telephone checks on Italian consulates in London, Glasgow and Liverpool. 
('Geoffrey', 'I')  Geoffrey Patterson and I lunched with Bruce Henderson, General of Dakar. 
('Geoffrey', 'I')  The Foreign Office, after much debating, have decided to employ the services of Geoffrey Gorer in making a physciatric analysis of the Russian character, although with what object in view I cannot imagine! 
('Geoffrey', 'I')  He said the only ones he could remember were Dudley COLLARD, Ivor MONTAGUE, Geoffrey BYNG, and a man called GOLDBLUM, who, I think, he said was the Managing Director of Marks and Spencer, There were apparently a certain number of others on his list, and he said that if anyone was interested he, LANGDON-DAVIES, would be glad to discuss these people in greater detail. 
('Geoffrey', 'I')  -------------- I lunched with Geoffrey Patterson. 
('Geoffrey', 'I')  -------------- When I was at the Foreign Office I saw Geoffrey Wethered, who told me about a telegram which had been received by the C.R.O. 
('Geoffrey', 'I')  I pointed out that we had on the Appointments Board been endeavouring to not keep officers abroad for more than four years unless the circumstances were exceptional; it seemed to me that if Geoffrey Patterson was going to be in the line for promotion, he must show his capabilities as a desk officer here. 
('Gagnon', 'I')  On the 18th I was met by Carnac and Gagnon and had lunch with Carnac. 
('Gagnon', 'I')  On the 20th I had a talk with Leopold, with Gagnon and with Mead. 
('Gagnon', 'I')  On the 21st I had short talks with Mead, Gagnon, Carnac, Leopold and the Commissioner before flying to New York. 
('Gagnon', 'I')  I have met McClellan; he makes a very good impression Gagnon had apparently talked about Cyril Mills, whom he evidently disliked. 
('Gagnon', 'I')  I have met McClellan; he makes a very good impression Gagnon had apparently talked about Cyril Mills, whom he evidently disliked. 
('Gagnon', 'I')  Gagnon struck me as being a very fine fellow, and I should imagine that he wauld probably be Commissioner before he is finished. 
('GOERTZ', 'I')  Dan felt this was unsatisfactory, particularly as regards GOERTZ and UNLAND - GORRIZ, he said, had been considering going to South America; meanwhile he was trying to make contact with various I.R.A. 
('GOERTZ', 'I')  When, however, GOERTZ found that the I.R.A. 
('GOERTZ', 'I')  It appears that hue and cry after GOERTZ has nothing to do with the cases of HAYES and McCAUGHEY, the two members of the I.R.A. 
('GOERTZ', 'I')  GOERTZ took the set with him and it is possible therefore that it may have been converted into a transmitter, It is not quite clear to me how the Germans knew of the existence of GOERTZ but I daresay we shall find this out in due course. 
('GOERTZ', 'I')  I then gave a short talk about illegal landings in Ireland, with particular reference to the case of GOERTZ and Plan Kathleen. 
('GOERTZ', 'I')  This must I think refer to the arrest of GOERTZ. 
('GARBO', 'I')  I told Findlater about the revelations in connection with GARBO and BRUTUS and also about the reports from P/Ws on the leakage in connection with Overlord which was caused through SOE BBC broadcasts. 
('GARBO', 'I')  I saw Roger and Cuthbert Fleetwood-Hesketh when they produced for me documents showing the part played by GARBO and BRUTUS in the deception plan. 
('GARBO', 'I')  They constitute the daily reports on which the battle was fought by the General Staff and contain whole chunks of GARBO and BRUTUS and in one instance the comments of Gen. Krumacher, who was the I.C. 
('GARBO', 'I')  I had a long talk with John Marriott about GARBO and about the general progress we were making in our enquiries into Russian espionage. 
('GARBO', 'I')  I thought that for the moment we should forget about GARBO and consider what positions would be most advantageous to us if we should find ways and means for holding them A lot of useful ground-work had been done with regard to the Military Attache's office and the Trade Delegation and our general impression, but no more than an impression, is that the Military Attache's office is largely concerned with the collection of onformation obtained from technical journals and other overt sources, and that members of the Trade Delegation who visited factories submit anything that they think of interest from an industrial mobilisation point of view. 
('GARBO', 'I')  Donovan reminded me of the GARBO story that I had told him in Washington towards the end of the war. 
('Furnival Jones', 'Hollis')  I explained to him the general lay-out of the office, and introduced him to Hollis and Furnival Jones. 
('Furnival Jones', 'Hollis')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hollis and Furnival Jones about the discussion at tomorrow J.C. on the Intelligence Division of the Control Commission in Germany. 
('Furnival Jones', 'Hollis')  I explained to him the general lay-out of the office, and introduced him to Hollis and Furnival Jones. 
('Furnival Jones', 'Hollis')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hollis and Furnival Jones about the discussion at tomorrow J.I.C. 
('Furnival Jones', 'Hollis')  I explained to him the general lay-out of the office, and introduced him to Hollis and Furnival Jones. 
('Furnival Jones', 'Hollis')  After three quarters of an hour he went on to Hollis, where he met Furnival Jones, Mitchell and Hinchley-Cooke. 
('Fulford', 'I')  I had lunch with Fulford. 
('Fulford', 'I')  I told Fulford to come to an arrangement with Jim. 
('Fulford', 'I')  I am recommending that we should sacrifice one or two of our R.S.L.Os 753 I had a long talk with Fulford about his minute on Curry's memo. 
('Fulford', 'I')  Fulford seemed rather complacent, but I thought that by the end of our talk he was somewhat shaken. 
('Fulford', 'I')  I told Fulford that having read his minute on the file, I had expected to see him advancing up S.J. 
('Fulford', 'I')  789 September 23rd Harker, M., Fulford, Tangye and I considered the case of Claud COCKBURN, who had approached Tangye and wanted him, Hyde, and Wilfred Roberts Mer, to form a small committee to assist C. [COCKBURN] in running The Week. 
('FUCHS', 'Martin')  Marriott and Martin gave me a sketch of the progress in the FUCHS and PEIRLS case, and also in the Australian case. 
('FUCHS', 'Martin')  I had a further discussion with Marriott and Martin about the FUCHS case. 
('FUCHS', 'Martin')  I had a meeting with D.C., C.2, Martin and James Robertson about the FUCHS case, to try and clear our minds before high-level meeting to-morrow with Atomic Energy. 
('FUCHS', 'Martin')  Martin and Marriott came to talked to me about the FUCHS case. 
('FUCHS', 'Martin')  Neither Martin nor Marriott are in the lease shaken in the belief that FUCHS is the man we are after. 
('FUCHS', 'Martin')  Marriott and Martin came in to tell me that a telegram from Washington considerably amplified the previous one in connection with the FUCHS care. 
('FUCHS', 'Hollis')  I had a talk with Dick, Hollis, and F.J. about the case of FUCHS, who is employed on atomic research, The question of this man's establishment has come up. 
('FUCHS', 'Hollis')  I had a talk with Dick, Hollis, and F.J. about the case of FUCHS, who is employed on atomic research. 
('FUCHS', 'Hollis')  8th December I had a talk with Dick, Hollis, and F.J. about the case of FUCHS, who is employed on atomic research. 
('FUCHS', 'Hollis')  Hollis spoke to me about the FUCHS case. 
('FUCHS', 'Hollis')  There was a special discussion on the FUCHS case, during which Hollis and Perrin explained the circumstances in which FUCHS came into the atomic energy project and the reasons why he was not detected for so long. 
('FUCHS', 'Hollis')  This had in some ways raised doubts in Arnison's mind as to whether our standards were in fact as good as Hollis had made out, This is perhaps the more reprehensible since it had been agreed that the interrogation of FUCHS should be confined solely to affairs in America. 
('External Affairs', 'I')  I thought that this position would be rectified if a JIC were established in Canada on the London model namely, the inclusion of External Affairs and the R.C.M.P. 
('External Affairs', 'I')  I saw Norman Robertson and Hume Wrong of External Affairs. 
('External Affairs', 'I')  I asked them whether it would do any good if I spoke to External Affairs and impressed them with the dangers of the situation, since we knew perfectly well at home that all the Spanish Consuls were acting for the Germans and that any information which reached Madrid was handed over immediately to the Germans and Japanese. 
('External Affairs', 'I')  I explained to him the Spanish situation and told him that I was proposing to see External Affairs. 
('External Affairs', 'I')  After lunch I saw Stone of External Affairs and talked to him a good deal abou the Spanish situation, and he arranged for me to see Robertson, the Under Secretary of State on the following day. 
('External Affairs', 'I')  I had a long talk with Robertson of External Affairs when he told me that the policy as regards Japanese wa to evacuate them as far as possible from the Pacific Coast. 
('Egypt', 'Turkey')  Special material shows that Persia, Turkey and Egypt are contemplating a Moslem bioc to resist possible Russian agression. 
('Egypt', 'Turkey')  Maisky evidently has a way of making his enquiries rather innocently, but the representatives here of Turkey, Egypt and Iran all regard him with the greatest distrust. 
('Egypt', 'Turkey')  Iraq, Egypt and Turkey are in consultation. 
('Egypt', 'Turkey')  Special material of 29th February shows that Italy and Turkey are working for some kind of rapprochement between Egypt and Italy. 
('Egypt', 'Turkey')  Unless and until they can defeat Russia, it is thought unlikely that they will attempt an invasion of the British Isles, an occupation of the Iberian Peninsua and Swden or French North or West Africa, an attack on Egypt through Cyprus and Syria, an attack on Iraq and Persia through wyprus and Syria, or Turkey, an attack on the Caucasus through surkey or move into India unless Turkey acquiesces It is thought that Japan will aim at (a) consolidating as quickly as possible her East Asiatic sphere and completing it by the occupation of Burma, achieving peace in China, occupy ing bases in the S.W. 
('Egypt', 'Turkey')  Maunseli says that STELL- MACHER, an escapee from Zby.800 is on his way from Turkey to Egypt. 
('Dutch', 'Holland')  The Dutch said that they had completed their scheme, which, incidentally, was untrue, and manifestly Bo since the Department of Justice is not even represented on the S.I.C., although they control a large proportion of the forces of law and order in Holland. 
('Dutch', 'Holland')  Members of the German Embassy were sent off yesterday and an undertaking was given by the shipping line that they would not be landed in Holland until Sir Nevile Honderson had crossed the Dutch frontier. 
('Dutch', 'Holland')  He thinks it would do a great deal to improve relations he does not seem to realise that Holland is riddled with German spies and that Dutch neutrals are most likely people to be employed as agents. 
('Dutch', 'Holland')  The Dutch apparently have orders to remain in Holland during a German invasion. 
('Dutch', 'Holland')  Feeling in Holland and Belgium is very strongly anti-German, Van Oorschott is of opinion that if an attack is launched through Maastrecht, the Dutch will fight and fall back on the Belgian positions, which are very strong. 
('Dutch', 'Holland')  The Dutch were thought to be resisting well at that moment and the British have apparently landed troops in Holland, I believe they were Guards and only stayed 36 hours. 
('Douglas Roberts', 'I')  I am notifying Douglas Roberts. 
('Douglas Roberts', 'I')  Dick, Kellar and I had a talk about Douglas Roberts coming visit. 
('Douglas Roberts', 'I')  He knows Douglas Roberts and also, I think, Jenkins. 
('Douglas Roberts', 'I')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('Douglas Roberts', 'I')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('Douglas Roberts', 'I')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts. 
('Dixon', 'I')  Clayton talked to me about TILTON who if he does not get he appointment with us in the Far East wishes to take up his case with the Air Ministry in order to clear his name I told Clayton to give his report to Dick who could discuss the matter with Dixon. 
('Dixon', 'I')  I had a talk with Dixon about various matters with regard to SIFE. 
('Dixon', 'I')  Hill, I think rightly, dissuaded him, since it would clearly be difficult for us without letting Dixon down to pass the information on to the Navy. 
('Dixon', 'I')  Hill, I think rightly, dissuaded him, since it would clearly be difficult for us without letting Dixon down to pass the information on to the Navy. 
('Dixon', 'I')  I had a talk with Kellar before a meeting of the Dixon Committee. 
('Dixon', 'I')  I spoke to Dixon about the Eire bags and suggested that we should have a special courier in future in view of the extremely delicate nature of our correspondence with Archer. 
('Dixon', 'Hill')  In any case, however, we should have to open a post of SIME in Cyrenaica, Hill tells me that he has seen the D.G's friend, Dixon, who is on the staff of Kemsley Press. 
('Dixon', 'Hill')  Hill, I think rightly, dissuaded him, since it would clearly be difficult for us without letting Dixon down to pass the information on to the Navy. 
('Dixon', 'Hill')  Hill did say, however, that if Dixon got any line from other sources in his office and cared to pass the name on confidentially to us, we might be able to extract a confession in the course of our interrogations. 
('Dixon', 'Hill')  In any case, however, we should have to open a post of SIME in Cyrenaica, Hill tells me that he has seen the D.G's friend, Dixon, who is on the staff of Kemsley Press. 
('Dixon', 'Hill')  Hill, I think rightly, dissuaded him, since it would clearly be difficult for us without letting Dixon down to pass the information on to the Navy. 
('Dixon', 'Hill')  Hill did say, however, that if Dixon got any line from other sources in his office and cared to pass the name on confidentially to us, we might be able to extract a confession in the course of our interrogations. 
('Dick Ellis', 'I')  I shall discuss this with the DG before I have a talk with C. Dick Ellis whom I saw at the club thinks that I am going to encounter considerable opposition mainly due to Vivian who takes the view that if we have a representative there we shall cut out Dwyer. 
('Dick Ellis', 'I')  I told him that I had discussed this matter with various authorities in the USA and also at length with Dick Ellis and Kim. 
('Dick Ellis', 'I')  I discussed his future and arranged for him an appointment with Dick Ellis. 
('Dick Ellis', 'I')  I discussed his future and arranged for him an appointment with Dick Ellis. 
('Dick Ellis', 'I')  and I lunched with Dick Ellis. 
('Dick Ellis', 'I')  I do not think he got on very well with Stratton or with Dick Ellis, who are departmentally quite different people. 
('Dick', 'Vivian')  Dick and I went to a conference at Broadway attended by Sinclair, Vivian, [redacted] to discuss the future of CICB. 
('Dick', 'Vivian')  I shall discuss this with the DG before I have a talk with C. Dick Ellis whom I saw at the club thinks that I am going to encounter considerable opposition mainly due to Vivian who takes the view that if we have a representative there we shall cut out Dwyer. 
('Dick', 'Vivian')  Had a meeting with Vivian, Cohen, Maltby, Dick and Paddy Bamford at Broadway on the subject of the future of Intelligence from India, After a good deal of talk it was agreed that we had to prepare for the worst; that Maltby should proceed straight away to try and recruit some suitable wireless operators, who. 
('Dick', 'Vivian')  111 We had a meeting about India, at which Vickery, Bamford, Vivian, Dick and myself were present. 
('Dick', 'Vivian')  We had a meeting on India with Dick, Vickery, Bamford and Vivian. 
('Dick', 'Vivian')  We had a meeting on India with Dick, Vickery, Bamford and Vivian. 
('Dick', 'Robertson')  I had a talk with Dick and James Robertson about the future of the Middle East section. 
('Dick', 'Robertson')  Dick, Bertram, Clayton, Courtenay, James Robertson and I had a discussion on the liquidation of O.C. 
('Dick', 'Robertson')  Skardon gave an account of his interview with FUCHS to the D.G., Dick, Marriott, Robertson and myself. 
('Dick', 'Robertson')  I had a long talk with Dick and James Robertson about the PEACH case. 
('Dick', 'Robertson')  After giving the Home Secretary a brief outline of our organisation, Dick White took him over and introduced him to Robertson, Marriott and Cumming. 
('Dick', 'Robertson')  Johnny then went on to see Dick, Marriott, Robertson and Roger Hollis. 
('Dick', 'Morton')  After a long consultation with Magan and Dick it was decided that Morton should make a tentative approach to Busk about obtaining Embassy cover. 
('Dick', 'Morton')  and Dick it was decided that Morton should make a tentative approach to Busk about obtaining Embassy cover. 
('Dick', 'Morton')  After a long consultation with Magan and Dick it was decided that Morton should make a tentative approach to Busk about obtaining Embassy cover. 
('Dick', 'Morton')  I do not think that such instructions would be much use unless our Police Forces were in a position to tell foreign Police Forces that they should deal on Security Intelligence matters I suggested that we should send a wire to Dick to discuss this matter and Jack Morton. 
('Dick', 'Morton')  We had a further meeting on Integration - Jack Morton, Magan, Dick White, Kellar and others being presents as a result of which we reached fairly firm conclusions on what our requirements were with regard to outstations of both S.I.M.E and S.I.F.E. 
('Dick', 'Morton')  Jack Morton came in to discuss with Dick, Horrocks and myself a telegram from Leighton to say that he now only wants the services of Carrel for research work within the Malayan Union S.B. 
('Dick', 'Martin')  I had a discussion with Dick, Horrocks, Mitchell, M.E., Marriott and Martin about our meeting with S.I.S. 
('Dick', 'Martin')  I had a long talk with Dick, Martin, Marriott and M.E. 
('Dick', 'Martin')  We were now somewhat pathetically to try and safeguard the development of this aircraft in the U.K. Dick and Martin discussed with me the report on our deliberations with S.I.S. 
('Dick', 'Martin')  I had a further meeting with Dick and Martin about the S.I.S. 
('Dick', 'Martin')  1st April Dick, Horrocks and Martin had a further discussion with me about the S.I.S. 
('Dick', 'Martin')  I attended a meeting at the Ministry of Supply, accompanied by Dick, Arthur Martin and Skardon. 
('Dick', 'Kim')  I told him that I had discussed this matter with various authorities in the USA and also at length with Dick Ellis and Kim. 
('Dick', 'Kim')  Dick and I had a talk with Kim Philby about Washington. 
('Dick', 'Kim')  -------------- Kim Philby came over and he, Dick, Roger, John Marriott, and I had A discussion about the F.B.I. 
('Dick', 'Kim')  Dick had been wondering whether he could talk to Kim on the lines that his case was bound to be solved sooner or later, and that while it might be solved now on the basis of a Gentlemans Agreement, this could not be done if proof were later established of Kim's guilt. 
('Dick', 'Kim')  Dick saw no harm in this but did not think I could discuss Kim unless Tommy opened the ball. 
('Dick', 'Kim')  Dick is getting rather desperate about Section V. Io says that is now ill with blood-poisoning and that Kim Philby has got to go to Lisbon and clear up some mess or other. 
('Dick', 'Irvine')  11th January Dick, Irvine and I discussed the proposal that the Germans should be allowed to set up a Federal M.I.5. 
('Dick', 'Irvine')  I had a meeting with Dick, John Irvine, F.J. and Thomas on our brief for the S.I.C. 
('Dick', 'Irvine')  Dick, Roger, Irvine and I had a discussion about our attitude to the Western Union's War Room. 
('Dick', 'Irvine')  -------------- We had a meeting with [redacted], Dick and Irvine to decide on the British view on C.I. 
('Dick', 'Irvine')  I discussed with Dick, Roger and John Irvine the question of the latter's future as Secretary of the S.I.C. 
('Dick', 'Irvine')  He told me that he was rather worried by certain apprehensions of S.D.E.C.E., particularly in the mind of [redacted] that Dick and Irvine were trying to build up the Surete at the expense of S.D.E.C.E. 
('Dick', 'Head')  Dick explained to him that Kellar's appointment had been discussed a long time back, and that everybody at Head office was of the opinion that he was far and away the best candidate. 
('Dick', 'Head')  Dick does not think that the Head of S.I.M.E. 
('Dick', 'Head')  80 Dick and I lunched with Vickery and Bamford, when we discussed the various eventualities which might arise if an Indian was appointed as Head of D.I.B. 
('Dick', 'Head')  Dick prepared a very outspoken note on the present decline in morale, both here and in the Middle East, owing to a lack of a decision about the Head of S.I.M.E. 
('Dick', 'Head')  Since Alex is likely to be on the sick list for some months, we felt that Magan would have to go as Head of SIME, Dick has complete powers to arrange what he can with the High Commissioner, Kellar suggested that either Dick or, strangely, Horrocks should take over during his absence. 
('Dick', 'Head')  Since Alex is likely to be on the sick list for some months, we felt that Magan would have to go as Head of SIME, Dick has complete powers to arrange what he can with the High Commissioner. 
('Dick', 'Graham')  Dick, F.J., Graham, Hill and I had a discussion on the draft report of the Working Party set up to consider the desirability of having a tribunal to deal with Communists in industry. 
('Dick', 'Graham')  I had a further meeting with Dick, Graham, F.J. and Hill on Communists in industry. 
('Dick', 'Graham')  Dick, Graham and I had a meeting with D.G. 
('Dick', 'Graham')  Dick and Graham Mitchell have seen Tizard about BLACKETT and given him quite a lot of information about Peter ASTBURY. 
('Dick', 'Graham')  I had a meeting with Dick, Graham, Oughton and Perfect on police liaison. 
('Dick', 'Graham')  In Graham Mitchell's absence, Dick said the problem as to what policy should be adopted with regard to stopping the entry of foreign Communists into this country was becoming acute. 
('Derbyshire', 'I')  I saw Derbyshire and Hill. 
('Derbyshire', 'I')  It was decided: (a) that I should speak to Craufurd; (b) that Haylor was already warned; (c) that there was no particular poin in talking to Alley; (a) that Dick would speak to Douglas Roberts; (e) that Derbyshire should gradually extract himself without giving offence; (1) that we should continue observation on "SHARKEY". 
('Derbyshire', 'I')  The D.G, has agreed to my proposal that we should have resident night duty officers, if and when we move to Leconfield House, I saw Derbyshire and Hill. 
('Derbyshire', 'I')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hill& Derbyshire about "SHARKEY". 
('Derbyshire', 'I')  It was decided : (a) that I should speak to Craufurd; (b) that Haylor was already warned; (c) that there was no particular point in talking to Alley; (d) that Dick would speak to Douglas Roberts; (e) that Derbyshire should gradually extract himself without giving offence; (f) that we should continue observation on "SHARKEY". 
('Derbyshire', 'I')  The D.G, has agreed to my proposal that we should have resident night duty officers, if and when we move to Leconfield House, I saw Derbyshire and Hill. 
('Denmark', 'Norway')  Rineanna is rapidly becoming very important traffic centre with lines to Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Holland, Portugal etc. 
('Denmark', 'Norway')  In Northern Europe she is posing as the disinterested friend of Norway, Denmark and Iceland, against the excessive demands from the Western Capitalist powers. 
('Denmark', 'Norway')  Hollis tells me that we have now been charged with a mission to examine, on behalf of the Atlantic Pact Powers, the security of Italy, Portugal, Denmark, Norway and Iceland. 
('Denmark', 'Norway')  rang up about the vetting of Security Services in Italy, Portugal, Denmark and Norway, which we have under taken under the Atlantic Pact. 
('Denmark', 'Norway')  Norway and Denmark have come into the Atlantic Pact and Sweden is as close to the other Scandinavian countries as she dares she also has fairly close unofficial liaison with this country. 
('Denmark', 'Norway')  The Germans invaded Denmark and Norway on Tuesday 9th April. 
('Delhi', 'I')  Brigadier BOYCE, whom I had seen in Delhi where he was D.D.M.I., came to see me about employment, I said that I did not know of any thing at the moment, but if he cared to fill in a form we would let him know if anything turned up. 
('Delhi', 'I')  He thinks they will move eastwards in the direction of Delhi, reform and then launch an attack to recover what they consider to be their area (he did not state exactly what this area was, but I imagine it would be centred on Amritsar). 
('Delhi', 'I')  Brigadier BOYCE, whom I had seen in Delhi where he was D.D.M.I., came to see me about employment. 
('Delhi', 'I')  I had a talk with U'ren about his work in Delhi. 
('Delhi', 'I')  I had a long talk with him about hism work in Delhi. 
('Delhi', 'I')  I have had a somewhat belly-aching letter from Walter Bell, who feels somewhat frustrated in Delhi. 
('Dansey', 'I')  While I had the greatest respect for Vivian and his work, I did feel that he was very inclined to listen to Felix and that owing to the difficulties that he had had with Dansey he had developed a system of over-canalising which preven- ted people from getting together about their problems. 
('Dansey', 'I')  I have had to make amendments in some passages of Gibbs' report as they contained personal references to Dansey. 
('Dansey', 'I')  I am however, leaving all those parts which make it clear that sections working under Dansey give no help or assistance to Sectio V. The worst example is perhaps Switzer- land. 
('Dansey', 'I')  I wonder how long Dansey is going to be tolerated. 
('Dansey', 'I')  Charles is going to look into this, I had a meeting at Broadway with C. Dansey Viv. 
('Dansey', 'I')  He thought it rould be riven independence under the direction of Morton Evans and would have Ryle as a O liaison with section V. I gatier that Dansey is likely to retire before very long and that probably Moses Beddington will take his place. 
('Cyrenaica', 'Tripoli')  If we go from Palestine about the middle of next year, we could temporarily house our troops in Tripoli and Cyrenaica, but we could not get out of Egypt until some time in 1950. 
('Cyrenaica', 'Tripoli')  It seems to that Bevin will have a difficult job, since the moment he asks for Cyrenaica, the Russians will ask for Tripoli. 
('Cyrenaica', 'Tripoli')  If we go from Palestine about the middle of next year, we could temporarily house our troops in Tripoli and Cyrenaica, but we could not get out of Egypt until some time in 1950. 
('Cyrenaica', 'Tripoli')  It seems to that Bevin will have a difficult job, since the moment he asks for Cyrenaica, the Russians will ask for Tripoli. 
('Cyrenaica', 'Tripoli')  If we go from Palestine about the middle of next year, we could temporarily house our troops in Tripoli and Cyrenaica, but we could not get out of Egypt until some time in 1950. 
('Cyrenaica', 'Tripoli')  While we are ready to give them back Somaliland we are, for the moment at any rate, standing firm about Cyrenaica and Tripoli. 
('Council', 'Turkey')  Our file for Dr. CREWS relates almost entirely to the trouble over her with the British Council in Turkey. 
('Council', 'Turkey')  I asked her what she was doing during the war She told me that she had worked for the British Council in Turkey, as a teacher of English in a secondary school. 
('Council', 'Turkey')  Our file for Dr. CREWS relates almost entirely to the trouble over her with the British Council in Turkey. 
('Council', 'Turkey')  I asked her what she was doing during the war She told me that she had worked for the British Council in Turkey, as a teacher of English in a secondary school. 
('Council', 'Turkey')  Our file for Dr. CREWS relates almost entirely to the trouble over her with the British Council in Turkey. 
('Council', 'Turkey')  I asked her what she was doing during the war She told me that she had worked for the British Council in Turkey, as a teacher of English in a secondary school. 
('Council', 'I')  I went with him to a meeting of the Joint Security Council where I met Capt. 
('Council', 'I')  I asked her what she was doing during the war She told me that she had worked for the British Council in Turkey, as a teacher of English in a secondary school. 
('Council', 'I')  I asked her what she was doing during the war She told me that she had worked for the British Council in Turkey, as a teacher of English in a secondary school. 
('Council', 'I')  I asked her what she was doing during the war She told me that she had worked for the British Council in Turkey, as a teacher of English in a secondary school. 
('Council', 'I')  At about 6 o'clock Stephens had a telephone message asking that he and I should go up to the Privy Council to see Atlee and Greenwood. 
('Council', 'I')  They registered their protest which I gather reached the Lord President of the Council in the afternoon, A compromise was reached by which consular staff's were to be allowed to telephone but were to be kept under observation both as regards their conversation and their movements. 
('Colony', 'I')  I envisaged that when the Chinese Communists get down to Hong Kong, they might well urge their supporters in the Colony to embark at the outset on a movement of non-co-operation, involving a withdrawal of labour from the central services or the Police, and from Government office As dislocation increased acts of violence and serious disturbances might follow. 
('Colony', 'I')  I passed him on a message received from Stephens, that a prosecution of NKRUMA and his firm would be quite welcome in the Colony. 
('Colony', 'I')  I thought that if the Colony had the right to refuse entry it would surely have the right to say that those coming in must pass through an Interrogation Centre. 
('Colony', 'I')  Our role, as I saw it, was to bring to the Colony any information which might imply control of indigenous organisations from the outside. 
('Colony', 'I')  The only additional point which we had not already considered here, was a proposal that I should impress upon Governors the necessity for each Colony to provide a better welfare organisation for their students in this country. 
('Colony', 'I')  I had lunch with [missing] He told me that he had asked for certain enquiries to be made about individuals here who might be in contact with Tunisians at present causing trouble in the Colony. 
('Col', 'Lt')  A report by Lt. Col. METTIG of OKW/AG and WNV/Chi, captured at Rheims on 15th May 1945 gives interesting details about the interception of wireless traffic. 
('Col', 'Lt')  Hill spoke to me about Courtney being made a Lt. Col. 
('Col', 'Lt')  Lt. Col. SPRUNT called on me this morning on the recommendation of Sir Findlater Stewart, who describes him as a friend of his for whom he can vouch as to straightness and keenness. 
('Col', 'Lt')  17th January Hollis und Paynter came to see me about a request from the Senior Air Technical Liaison officer at the U.S. Embassy, Lt. Col. award Paine. 
('Col', 'Lt')  907 shortly to be able to call Lt. Col.Cowgill, but who would always be known to us as Felix, had succeeded in getting this matter through. 
('Col', 'Lt')  Lt. Col. Acland of Canadian M.I. 
('Co.', 'I')  At the top he had a sort of glass house with a cocktail bar, which I believe was frequented by Ribbentrop, Boering & Co. 
('Co.', 'I')  He said that as an enthusiast about Japanese swords he had for some time had dealings with the firm of BAPTY & Co., who have a small shop somewhere off the Haymarket (this firm is well known to us, but I do not think there is anything wrong. 
('Co.', 'I')  He said that as an enthusiast about Japanese swords he had for some time had dealings with the firm of BAPTY & Co., who have a small shop somewhere off the Haymarket (this firm is well known to us, but I do not think there is anything wrong. 
('Co.', 'I')  He said that as an enthusiast about Japanese swords he had for some time had 151 dealings with the firm of BAPTY & Co., who have a small shop somewhere off the Haymarket (this firm is well known to us, but I do not think there is anything wrong. 
('Co.', 'I')  Stewart spoke to me about the Pyrene Co. with which I believe W.B.PHILLIPS was at one time connected. 
('Co.', 'I')  September 3rd I had a meeting with Stopford, Matthews and Joe Stephenson about the PAIR FISHIING Co. which employs Spanish fisherman and runs boats from Milford Haven which fish off the coast of Eire. 
('Clayton', 'Dick')  Clayton talked to me about TILTON who if he does not get he appointment with us in the Far East wishes to take up his case with the Air Ministry in order to clear his name I told Clayton to give his report to Dick who could discuss the matter with Dixon. 
('Clayton', 'Dick')  I had a meeting with Charles, Horrocks, Dick, Ede, Clayton and Kellar to discuss administrative matters in connection with SIFE and SIME. 
('Clayton', 'Dick')  Dick, Bertram, Clayton, Courtenay, James Robertson and I had a discussion on the liquidation of O.C. 
('Clayton', 'Dick')  I discussed with Dick, Kirby Green and Clayton the proposal that K.G. 
('Clayton', 'Dick')  113 Dick, Kellar, Clayton and I had a meeting about East Africa. 
('Clayton', 'Dick')  I had a meeting on East Africa with Dick, Perfect, Spencer and Clayton in order to work out some kind of charter for the D.S.O. 
('China', 'Japan')  It was felt that the outer area should include India, China, Japan ( and most of the Pacific up to Honolulu), Australia, New Zealand and Indonesia. 
('China', 'Japan')  Efforts will have to be made to get American co-operation in regard to China and Japan. 
('China', 'Japan')  Max KLAUSEN, a German, who acted as SORGE's wireless operator both in China and in Japan. 
('China', 'Japan')  SORGE & great strength was his immense knowledge of affairs in China and Japan. 
('China', 'Japan')  Unless and until they can defeat Russia, it is thought unlikely that they will attempt an invasion of the British Isles, an occupation of the Iberian Peninsua and Swden or French North or West Africa, an attack on Egypt through Cyprus and Syria, an attack on Iraq and Persia through wyprus and Syria, or Turkey, an attack on the Caucasus through surkey or move into India unless Turkey acquiesces It is thought that Japan will aim at (a) consolidating as quickly as possible her East Asiatic sphere and completing it by the occupation of Burma, achieving peace in China, occupy ing bases in the S.W. 
('China', 'Japan')  (3)Aid to China and the Dutch in an effort to prevent the denial of far eastern oil to the allies and the opening of shipping lanes between Japan and German controlled areas. 
('Charles Butler', 'I')  It large sums were involved I invariably consulted Charles Butler. 
('Charles Butler', 'I')  I told Charles Butler that I had had a long discussion with the D.G. 
('Charles Butler', 'I')  I discussed with Kellar and Charles Butler the possibility of finding someone for Iraq. 
('Charles Butler', 'I')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Charles Butler', 'I')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Charles Butler', 'I')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Central', 'I')  He seemed re-assured by this and will I think turn down the offer of the Central Office. 
('Central', 'I')  I saw the Lord President at the House of Commons about one, who wants to be employed in the Central office of Information. 
('Central', 'I')  I told him that, as matters stood at present, the Germans were going to be given the Central Travel Bureau index, containing some 32,000 names, compiled by Int. 
('Central', 'I')  to-day I raised again the question of the mechanisation of Post Report and the Central Aliens Register. 
('Central', 'I')  I saw Jones, Lodge and Weiler from the Home Office Aliens Branch, on the question of the mechanisation of Post Report and the Central Aliens Register. 
('Central', 'I')  Other correspondence which Evans thought would interest us was that passing between Apartado 8620, Mexico, which I gather is the Central Catalan syndicate, to one Carlos PI-SUNYER, 22 Wendover Court, Finchley Rd.N.EW.2. 
('Captain Moran', 'Stephens')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Captain Moran', 'Stephens')  Captain Moran was rather shocked by this remark, as it seemed to him that it was made deliberately to induce him to say things against Stephens, and there was of course an implied threat that if he did not he might find himself in the game boat. 
('Captain Moran', 'Stephens')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Captain Moran', 'Stephens')  Captain Moran was rather shocked by this remark, as it seemed to him that it was made deliberately to induce him to say things against Stephens, and there was of course an implied threat that if he did not he might find himself in the game boat. 
('Captain Moran', 'Stephens')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Captain Moran', 'Stephens')  Captain Moran was rather shocked by this remark, as it seemed to him that it was made deliberately to induce him to say things against Stephens, and there was of course an implied threat that if he did not he might find himself in the same boat. 
('Captain', 'Stephens')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Captain', 'Stephens')  Captain Moran was rather shocked by this remark, as it seemed to him that it was made deliberately to induce him to say things against Stephens, and there was of course an implied threat that if he did not he might find himself in the game boat. 
('Captain', 'Stephens')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Captain', 'Stephens')  Captain Moran was rather shocked by this remark, as it seemed to him that it was made deliberately to induce him to say things against Stephens, and there was of course an implied threat that if he did not he might find himself in the game boat. 
('Captain', 'Stephens')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Captain', 'Stephens')  Captain Moran was rather shocked by this remark, as it seemed to him that it was made deliberately to induce him to say things against Stephens, and there was of course an implied threat that if he did not he might find himself in the same boat. 
('Canada', 'Canadian')  CREAN, who is at present doing security with external forces in Canada is probably the future Chairman of the Canadian J.I.C. 
('Canada', 'Canadian')  told us for the first time that he was proposing to go to Canada on a short visit to assist in the reorganisation of the Special Branch and the Intelligence Branch of the Canadian Police. 
('Canada', 'Canadian')  Le Forgeais told me that he had a list of 4-500 deserters from the Canadian and other forces stationed in Canada. 
('Canada', 'Canadian')  Le Forgeais said that Bavin was going up to Canada to see if he could come to some arangement with the Canadian authorities. 
('Canada', 'Canadian')  937 He carried identity documents taken from Canadian prisoners at Dieppe, altered to the name under which he was to live in Canada. 
('Canada', 'Canadian')  He had previously lived in Canada from 1930-1933 and married a Canadian woman who is still living in Toronto. 
('Burt', 'WILMER')  This was unfortunate as Burt finds WILMER quite useful: he therefore squared the Customs to drop the prosecution provided that three times the value of the watch was paid. 
('Burt', 'WILMER')  In exchange for this little service, Burt will expect more information from ZIG ZAG and WILMER! 
('Burt', 'WILMER')  WILMER brought in a diamond watch the other day and was caught by the Customs, This was unfortunate as Burt finds WILMER quite useful: he therefore squared the Customs to drop the prosecution provided that three times the value of the watch was paid. 
('Burt', 'WILMER')  In exchange for this little service, Burt will expect more information from ZIG ZAG and WILMER! 
('Burt', 'WILMER')  This was unfortunate as Burt finds WILMER quite useful: he therefore squared the Customs to drop the prosecution provided that three times the value of the watch was paid. 
('Burt', 'WILMER')  In exchange for this little service, Burt will expect more information from ZIG ZAG and WILMER! 
('Burt', 'Howe')  Burt told me that he thought it would be a good thing if I had a word with Howe and put him au fait with the Russian case. 
('Burt', 'Howe')  I spoke to Howe on the telephone and told him about MAY'S confession and the excellent piece of work that Burt had done. 
('Burt', 'Howe')  Se gave a party for Burt and Ronnie Howe. 
('Burt', 'Howe')  I went to see Howe and Burt about the case of Dorothy WOODMAN. 
('Burt', 'Howe')  I said I had spoken to Howe and Burt about this, who were both in favour of coming in under the scheme, but there were others who would not agree. 
('Burt', 'Howe')  I went to see Ronnie Howe and Burt, after receiving a message from Keith Randell in Germany about a Dr. MEYER of the Ministry of the Interior in Rhine Westphalia; who was visiting the Yard with officials from the other Laender. 
('Bowker', 'I')  I saw Bowker, who is to be our Minister In Burma, at the Burma office to-day. 
('Bowker', 'I')  Vickery and I waw Bowker, who is to be our High Commissioner in Rangoon, I told Bowker about our arrangements and also about the S.I.S. 
('Bowker', 'I')  I saw Bowker, who is to be our Minister in Burma, at the Burma Office to-day. 
('Bowker', 'I')  Vickery and I waw Bowker, who is to be our High Commissioner in Rangoon. 
('Bowker', 'I')  I told Bowker about our orrangements and also about the S.I.S. 
('Bowker', 'I')  I saw Bowker, who is to be our Minister in Burma, at the Burma office to-day. 
('Bourne', 'Times')  A telegram has come in from Bourne, drawing our attention to the publication in the Pakist Times of September 4th of a facsimile of a letter,dated July 8th, written by "George" Jenkin to myself on the subject of our liaison with Pakistan, This had been written up in a leader, implying that there was some spy plot of the British to sabotage the Palcistan Govern- ment. 
('Bourne', 'Times')  The letter should be shown by Bourne to Sanjevi and to our own High Commissioner, and a copy of it should be sent to the High Commissioner to Pakistan to show to Ahmed and, if he thought fit, to Liaqat Ali, who had sent for the editor of the Pakistan Times. 
('Bourne', 'Times')  I discussed with Vickery the last letter I have had from Bourne about the incident of the Pakistan Times. 
('Bourne', 'Times')  A telegram has come in from Bourne, drawing our attention to the publication in the Pakistan Times of September 4th of a facsimile of a letter,dated July 8th, written by "George" Jenkin to myself on the subject of our liaison with Pakistan. 
('Bourne', 'Times')  The letter should be shown by Bourne to Sanjevi and to our own High Commissioner, and a copy of it should be sent to the High Commissioner to Pakistan to show to Ahmed and, if he thought fit, to Liaqat Ali, who had sent for the editor of the Pakistan Times. 
('Bourne', 'Times')  I discussed with Vickery the last letter I have had from Bourne about the incident of the Pakistan Times. 
('Bourne', 'Pakistan')  A telegram has come in from Bourne, drawing our attention to the publication in the Pakist Times of September 4th of a facsimile of a letter,dated July 8th, written by "George" Jenkin to myself on the subject of our liaison with Pakistan, This had been written up in a leader, implying that there was some spy plot of the British to sabotage the Palcistan Govern- ment. 
('Bourne', 'Pakistan')  The letter should be shown by Bourne to Sanjevi and to our own High Commissioner, and a copy of it should be sent to the High Commissioner to Pakistan to show to Ahmed and, if he thought fit, to Liaqat Ali, who had sent for the editor of the Pakistan Times. 
('Bourne', 'Pakistan')  I discussed with Vickery the last letter I have had from Bourne about the incident of the Pakistan Times. 
('Bourne', 'Pakistan')  A telegram has come in from Bourne, drawing our attention to the publication in the Pakistan Times of September 4th of a facsimile of a letter,dated July 8th, written by "George" Jenkin to myself on the subject of our liaison with Pakistan. 
('Bourne', 'Pakistan')  The letter should be shown by Bourne to Sanjevi and to our own High Commissioner, and a copy of it should be sent to the High Commissioner to Pakistan to show to Ahmed and, if he thought fit, to Liaqat Ali, who had sent for the editor of the Pakistan Times. 
('Bourne', 'Pakistan')  I discussed with Vickery the last letter I have had from Bourne about the incident of the Pakistan Times. 
('Book', 'I')  Division Weekly Meetings Minute Book, I had lunch with		He told me that Dutch Intelligence was in a fluid state, but the future of Eindhoven was precarious. 
('Book', 'I')  I have been reviewing the War Book. 
('Book', 'I')  I explained to him that we were getting out our War Book and considering expansion and personnel to fill the vacancies in time of war. 
('Book', 'I')  I had a meeting about the war Book with Charles, Dick, Roger and Hill. 
('Book', 'I')  I had a meeting on the War Book, when I endeavoured to get some rough idea of the numbers that would be required for our expansion scheme Meanwhile, Horrocks is to closely examine his lists. 
('Book', 'I')  I went over the whole ground, explained how enemy aliens had been let into this country freely for a period of 5 years, how the War Book contained directions for their probable internment in categories immediately after the outbreak of war and how Sir Samuel Hoare had reversed this policy early in September and substituted the tribunal system. 
('Blunt', 'I')  I had lunch to-day with Anthony Blunt, when he told me that PADGHAM was exercised in his mind about a statement in the file of the PUTLITZ establishment branch of the German Foreign Office, that, owing to his relations with Willy SCHNEIDER, he had been blackmailed into acting as a British agent. 
('Blunt', 'I')  -------------- I lunched with Anthony Blunt. 
('Blunt', 'I')  I saw Anthony Blunt yesterday at the Travellers club. 
('Blunt', 'I')  I told Blunt that I had gone very carefully once more through REVAI'S own statement about himself. 
('Blunt', 'I')  I suggested to Blunt that the motive might have been somewhat more sinister since it was about this time that REVAI seemed to have made up his mind that he would not be acceptable to the Hungarian Government. 
('Blunt', 'I')  The main complaints were against Blunt and T. A. R. I explained that in so far as Blunt's relations with Mrs. Winterbottom yere concerned, thesehad been agreed in a letter which we had had from Felix. 
('Black', 'I')  I told Leisbhing that we had recently been approached by Murphy for assistance, but that unfortunately we were prohibited from dealing with Black Market cases. 
('Black', 'I')  I attended a meeting, under the Chairmanship of Sir Eric de Normann, at which 'C' Barnett and Saffery from the Post Office, and Black and Marshall of the Ministry of Works were present. 
('Black', 'I')  As a matter of fact it would be unwise, I think, for Boddington to handle this liaison, since there was some incident there during the period of the Black and Tans which resulted in Wickham, the Inspector General, having Boddington thrown out of the country. 
('Black', 'I')  Finally, under "Any other business", I drew attention to a memorandum that we had supplied to the Secretary about the Black List. 
('Black', 'I')  I had a talk with Bates and Brownrigg about the seamen's Black List. 
('Black', 'I')  787 it might get us into difficulties if we were associated with Black Market enquiries but I think that the limited action which we are taking is fully justifiable. 
('Berlin', 'I')  Dick and I had a talk with Col. Thicknesse, who is at present employed on the Control Commission in Berlin. 
('Berlin', 'I')  I have seen a paper on the AirLift to Berlin. 
('Berlin', 'I')  I discussed with Marriott and Cumming the case of a potential Russial defector in Berlin who is a member of the Russian Naval Academy and has considerable expert knowledge about the Russian naval programme. 
('Berlin', 'I')  I explained that ROSINSKI was former- ly a lecturer at the Military Academy in Berlin and must have many friends in the Reichswehr. 
('Berlin', 'I')  I quoted the case of O'TOOLE who arrived here stating that he was in the employ of Siemens Schuckert in Berlin and was coming to spend a short holiday in Ireland before resuming his work. 
('Berlin', 'I')  It is just possible that he may be confusing this man with Snow, but I rather doubt it, since Snow did not communicate as far as we know before the war, nor was Berlin his control station. 
('Bamford', 'Vivian')  I had a meeting with Vickery, Bamford, Grogan and Vivian on the suggested abolition of censorship in the Far East. 
('Bamford', 'Vivian')  I told them that I should be meeting Vivian and Bamford next week, when I should put similar views to them. 
('Bamford', 'Vivian')  Had a meeting with Vivian, Cohen, Maltby, Dick and Paddy Bamford at Broadway on the subject of the future of Intelligence from India, After a good deal of talk it was agreed that we had to prepare for the worst; that Maltby should proceed straight away to try and recruit some suitable wireless operators, who. 
('Bamford', 'Vivian')  111 We had a meeting about India, at which Vickery, Bamford, Vivian, Dick and myself were present. 
('Bamford', 'Vivian')  We had a meeting on India with Dick, Vickery, Bamford and Vivian. 
('Bamford', 'Vivian')  We had a meeting on India with Dick, Vickery, Bamford and Vivian. 
('Bamford', 'Pakistan')  1, and that we should be informed, Bamford has spoken to the C.R.O., who feel that the really important point is to put ourselves right with the Pakistan Government. 
('Bamford', 'Pakistan')  I saw Dick and Bamford on the subject of Jenkins letter to me published in the Pakistan Times. 
('Bamford', 'Pakistan')  Bamford has spoken to the C.R.O., who feel that the really important point is to put ourselves right with the Pakistan Government. 
('Bamford', 'Pakistan')  51 I saw Dick and Bamford on the subject of Jenkins letter to me published in the Pakistan Times. 
('Bamford', 'Pakistan')  -------------- Sir John Shaw, Kellar and Bamford came to discuss the transmission of information to Pakistan. 
('Bamford', 'Pakistan')  -------------- Kellar and Bamford came to talk about our representation in Pakistan. 
('BOURNE', 'I')  I saw the D.G., who approved our arrangements with reg to BOURNE going as S.L.O. 
('BOURNE', 'I')  BOURNE and I had lunch with Vickery, The latter is being prepared by I.P.I. 
('BOURNE', 'I')  : his terms of reference for BOURNE are being worked out by I.P.I. 
('BOURNE', 'I')  I saw the D.G., who approved our arrangements with regards to BOURNE going as S.L.O. 
('BOURNE', 'I')  BOURNE and I had lunch with Vickery, The latter is being prepared by I.P.I. 
('BOURNE', 'I')  : his terms of reference for BOURNE are being worked out by I.P.I. 
('Australians', 'Singapore')  The Australians are sending a liaison officer to London, Singapore and Washington. 
('Australians', 'Singapore')  The first proposal was that we should ask the Australians to send a representative to Singapore, although personally I think it would be preferable for us to send an officer to Canberra. 
('Australians', 'Singapore')  The first proposal was that we should ask the Australians to send a representative to Singapore, although personally I think it would be preferable for us to send an officer to Canberra. 
('Australians', 'Singapore')  The first proposal was that we should ask the Australians to send a representative to Singapore, although personally I think it would be preferable for us to send an officer to Canberra. 
('Australians', 'Singapore')  He said that from tle accounts he had heard, the behaviour of the Australians in Singapore was deplorable. 
('Australians', 'Singapore')  He gave a frightful account of Singapore and the behaviour of the Australians. 
('Australia', 'Hollis')  for Shedden to be suitable briefed by Hollis before his departure from Australia. 
('Australia', 'Hollis')  Hollis has telegraphed to say that a lawyer named REED has been appointed as Head of the new Security organisation in Australia. 
('Australia', 'Hollis')  Kenneth Strong, who had been Hollis in Australia, expressed the view that it was important to get it into the minds of the Americans that serious steps were being taken in Australia to improve the situation, although of course we all realised that the mere setting up of a Security Service did not in itself imply that security was adequate; this would only be the case after a considerable lapse of time. 
('Australia', 'Hollis')  Hollis has returned from Australia. 
('Australia', 'Hollis')  When Hollis got to Australia, he could not get even a list of the Executive Committee members. 
('Australia', 'Hollis')  Some months ago when Hollis was in Australia, he read an account of this case which was a press release by G-2. 
('Apart', 'I')  Apart from that I thought that we should rightly be in charge. 
('Apart', 'I')  Apart from this, I thought that if, as appears, we are all agreed that a joint building is in a large measure the solution of our difficuties, we should to some extent be giving a point away to the authorities if we compromised by setting up a joint section in one or other department or elsewhere. 
('Apart', 'I')  I wondered a little whether if this were done, after a lapse of twenty years, it might not invite criticism as to why it had not been done before, Apart from this, I did not see that there was any special inducement for EWER to tell us the answer. 
('Apart', 'I')  Apart from all this, we should really be reconstituting Regional Offices, with all the expense that that entails, and I doubt whether either the police or the Home Office would agree, even if the expense could be distributed locally. 
('Apart', 'I')  Apart from this I thought there was a certain disciplinary side to the whole question and that if some body did not tell Jock Whyte exactly where he got off he would be intolerable. 
('Apart', 'I')  732 Apart from this I thought that we had taken a very reasonable line about the Communists. 
('Ahmed', 'Sanjevi')  I telegraphed to Bourne telling him that I shall be sending him a copy of my letter, and suggesting that it was for consideration whether it should not be shown both to Sanjevi and to Ahmed. 
('Ahmed', 'Sanjevi')  The letter should be shown by Bourne to Sanjevi and to our own High Commissioner, and a copy of it should be sent to the High Commissioner to Pakistan to show to Ahmed and, if he thought fit, to Liaqat Ali, who had sent for the editor of the Pakistan Times. 
('Ahmed', 'Sanjevi')  He agreed that there was no point in going further with Sanjevi, but that if the High Commissioner for Pakistan could find out tactfully what the effect had been on Ahmed and our future liaison it would be useful. 
('Ahmed', 'Sanjevi')  I telegraphed to Bourne, telling him that I shall be sending him a copy of my letter, and suggesting that it was for consideration whether it should not be shown both to Sanjevi and to Ahmed. 
('Ahmed', 'Sanjevi')  The letter should be shown by Bourne to Sanjevi and to our own High Commissioner, and a copy of it should be sent to the High Commissioner to Pakistan to show to Ahmed and, if he thought fit, to Liaqat Ali, who had sent for the editor of the Pakistan Times. 
('Ahmed', 'Sanjevi')  He agreed that there was no point in going further with Sanjevi, but that if the High Commissioner for Pakistan could find out tactfully what the effect had been on Ahmed and our future liaison it would be useful. 
('Ahmed', 'Pakistan')  The letter should be shown by Bourne to Sanjevi and to our own High Commissioner, and a copy of it should be sent to the High Commissioner to Pakistan to show to Ahmed and, if he thought fit, to Liaqat Ali, who had sent for the editor of the Pakistan Times. 
('Ahmed', 'Pakistan')  He agreed that there was no point in going further with Sanjevi, but that if the High Commissioner for Pakistan could find out tactfully what the effect had been on Ahmed and our future liaison it would be useful. 
('Ahmed', 'Pakistan')  He has heard from Ahmed who does not appear to be in the least worried about the Jenkin-Liddell publicatio in the Pakistan Times, and hopes Jenkin will ultimately return to Karachi. 
('Ahmed', 'Pakistan')  The letter should be shown by Bourne to Sanjevi and to our own High Commissioner, and a copy of it should be sent to the High Commissioner to Pakistan to show to Ahmed and, if he thought fit, to Liaqat Ali, who had sent for the editor of the Pakistan Times. 
('Ahmed', 'Pakistan')  He agreed that there was no point in going further with Sanjevi, but that if the High Commissioner for Pakistan could find out tactfully what the effect had been on Ahmed and our future liaison it would be useful. 
('Ahmed', 'Pakistan')  He has heard from Ahmed who does not appear to be in the least worried about the Jenkin-Liddell publication in the Pakistan Times, and hopes Jenkin will ultimately return to Karachi. 
('African', 'I')  I discussed with him the suggestion that it might be a good thing for us to have a DSO somewhere on the African continent and that Nairobi appears to be the most appropriate spot. 
('African', 'I')  I talked to Miss Bagot and Kitchin about an African paper on Communism, the draft of which has been put up by the J.I.O. 
('African', 'I')  In connection with this matter, I asked if we had copies in this office of the South African and Australian Bills to proscribe the Communist Party. 
('African', 'I')  -------------- I attended a meeting at the Foreign office on 11.10.50, at which Reilly took the chair, Barton represented the Colonial Office, and Cotton the African section of the Foreign Office. 
('African', 'I')  This raised a storm of protest, and I was told that the marketing boards for cocoa and other commodities in West African colonies were making huge profits and could well afford to spend half a million on the welfare of students over here. 
('African', 'I')  I telephoned to Sir Thomas Lloyd and, in his absence, spoke to Mr. Rogers, head of the East African Dept. 
('Afghan', 'LASERSTEIN')  Machell came to see me about a man called LASERSTEIN, who he gathered had formerly been employed by ourselves [missing] and was turned down for further employment, He had heard that LASERSTEIN was now going to take up some job in the Afghan Govern- ment in Kabul. 
('Afghan', 'LASERSTEIN')  Machell said that he had no axe to grind whatever, but he wondered whether the fact of LASERSTEIN going to take up a post in the Afghan Government might make it worth while for someone to reconsider his case. 
('Afghan', 'LASERSTEIN')  He had heard that LASERSTEIN was now going to take up some job in the Afghan Govern- ment in Kabul. 
('Afghan', 'LASERSTEIN')  Machell said that he had no axe to grind whatever, but he wondered whether the fact of LASERSTEIN going to take up a post in the Afghan Government might make it worth while for someone to reconsider his case. 
('Afghan', 'LASERSTEIN')  He had heard that LASERSTEIN was now going to take up some job in the Afghan Govern- ment in Kabul. 
('Afghan', 'LASERSTEIN')  Machell said that he had no axe to grind whatever, but he wondered whether the fact of LASERSTEIN going to take up a post in the Afghan Government might make it worth while for someone to reconsider his case. 
('Affairs', 'I')  I thought that this position would be rectified if a JIC were established in Canada on the London model namely, the inclusion of External Affairs and the R.C.M.P. 
('Affairs', 'I')  I saw Norman Robertson and Hume Wrong of External Affairs. 
('Affairs', 'I')  I asked them whether it would do any good if I spoke to External Affairs and impressed them with the dangers of the situation, since we knew perfectly well at home that all the Spanish Consuls were acting for the Germans and that any information which reached Madrid was handed over immediately to the Germans and Japanese. 
('Affairs', 'I')  I explained to him the Spanish situation and told him that I was proposing to see External Affairs. 
('Affairs', 'I')  After lunch I saw Stone of External Affairs and talked to him a good deal abou the Spanish situation, and he arranged for me to see Robertson, the Under Secretary of State on the following day. 
('Affairs', 'I')  I had a long talk with Robertson of External Affairs when he told me that the policy as regards Japanese wa to evacuate them as far as possible from the Pacific Coast. 
('Act', 'I')  I confined myself to saying that it would be almost impossible to us to prosecute under the Official Secrets Act if an official release was made, and I suggested that when making the handout something might perhaps be said to the press to the effect that the Official release did not authorise them to publish all sorts of stories that they might have already got written up in their lockers. 
('Act', 'I')  I saia that if it was decided to use the official Secrets Act in a big way, I thought we ought to intervene. 
('Act', 'I')  I said, after consultation with Hill, that while he could proceed under the Army Act and under Section 2 of the Official Secrets Act, this would obviously get him no where. 
('Act', 'I')  I said that, as far as we could see, Section 2 of the official Secrets Act would operate in such a case, although, of course, the matter had never been put to any legal test. 
('Act', 'I')  Directors meeting to-day I made a short statement about the MARSHALL case, emphasising that it was based very largely on association and was the kind of case which could only be brought by a country having an official Secrets Act. 
('Act', 'I')  I told him that if he was proposing to take it over I should object very strongly, firstly on organisational grounds, since there were at least two people who could be prosecucuted under the Treachery Act for sabotage and espionage, and secondly because nothschild had handled the case very successfully for more than two years and it would be folly at this stage to move such a complex matter from his direction. 
('Abwehr', 'OSTRO')  In July, 1939, as war was imminent, OSTRO states he asked the Abwehr to make a payment of 1,200 through the German Embassy on a bearer cheque drawn on Hambro's Bank for RATSCHITZKY. 
('Abwehr', 'OSTRO')  In none of the papers can I find that OSTRO had any personal collaborator's - secretarial or otherwise - this, coupled with the fact that he had an undertaking with the Abwehr, that he would never be called upon to discuss his sources, would clearly have placed him in a strong position is it was his intention to mislead his superiors. 
('Abwehr', 'OSTRO')  In July, 1939, as war was imminent, OSTRO states he asked the Abwehr to make a payment of 1,200 through the German Embassy on a bearer cheque drawn on Hambro's Bank for RATSCHITZKY. 
('Abwehr', 'OSTRO')  In none of the papers can I find that OSTRO had any personal collaborator's- secretarial or otherwise - this, coupled with the fact that he had an undertaking with the Abwehr, that he would never be called upon to discuss his sources, would clearly have placed him in a strong position if it was his intention to mislead his superiors. 
('Abwehr', 'OSTRO')  In July, 1939, as war was imminent, OSTRO states he asked the Abwehr to make a payment of 1,200 through the German Embassy on a bearer cheque drawn on Hambro's Bank for RATSCHITZKY. 
('Abwehr', 'OSTRO')  In none of the papers can I find that OSTRO had any personal collaborator's secretarial or otherwise - this, coupled with the fact that he had an undertaking with the Abwehr, that he would never be called upon to discuss his sources, would clearly have placed him in a strong position if it was his intention to mislead his superiors. 
('Abwehr', 'Curry')  Owing to the lengthy meeting Curry was not able to give his lecture on the Abwehr. 
('Abwehr', 'Curry')  Curry gave his long-awaited lecture on the Abwehr. 
('Abwehr', 'Curry')  Curry has got an idea that we should endeavor through T. A. R.s organisation and other channels to embroil the Sicherheits- dienst with the Abwehr. 
('Abwehr', 'Curry')  Curry showed him a part of the proofs of his work on the Abwehr. 
('Abwehr', 'Curry')  I had a meeting with Dick and Curry about bringing Curry's work on the Abwehr up to date. 
('Abwehr', 'Curry')  802 September 26th I had a long conversation with Curry and Hart about the keeping up to date of Curry's work on the Abwehr. 
('Singapore', 'Union')  should be broken up between the two Commissioners of Police in the Malayan Union and Singapore, and act as the Special Branch under the local Police officials. 
('Singapore', 'Union')  Police in the Malayan Union and Singapore, and act as the Special Branch under the local Police officials. 
('Singapore', 'Union')  Police in the Malayan Union and Singapore, and act as the Special Branch under the local Police officials. 
('Singapore', 'Union')  He feel a general lack of information, but the primary collectors of such information on halayan territory have, of course, been the Malayan Security Service, formerly under Dalley, but not split up into S.B.s of the Malayan Union and Singapore at last. 
('Singapore', 'Union')  He sai that neither in the Malayan Union nor in Singapore had the S.B.s any proper conception of their tasks. 
('Portugal', 'Spain')  Nothing is expected for about 10 days at least, and some think that Spain and Portugal are the first objectives, with Gibraltar es the final object or attack. 
('Portugal', 'Spain')  We have said that we place Eire first, Spain and Portugal second and America third. 
('Portugal', 'Spain')  A number of these people have been arriving from French occupied territory via Spain and Portugal. 
('Portugal', 'Spain')  The Sonderkom mando protects the interests of the state and party in France, Spain and Portugal, and furthers the interests of collaboration with France, without however any mandate to interfere in French politics or indeed to do anything other thanreport on the situation. 
('Portugal', 'Spain')  As regards ISK he was apprehensive since two of our aeroplanes had already come down in Spain and Portugal. 
('Poland', 'Roumania')  (i) The liquidation of peasant parties behind the Iron Curtain, They have already got rid of PETKOV; they are prosecuting MANIU and his associates in Roumania, and MIKOLAJCZYK's party in Poland has been split, MIKOLAJCZYK himself having left the country and sought refuge here. 
('Poland', 'Roumania')  At the moment the Russians seem to be concentrating on two broad lines of policy: (i) The liquidation of peasant parties behind the Iron Curtain, They have already got rid of PETKOV; they are prosecuting MANIU and his associates in Roumania, and MIKOLAJCZYK's party in Poland has been split,. 
('Poland', 'Roumania')  They have already got rid of PETKOV; they are prosecuting MANIU and his associates in Roumania, and MIKOLAJCZYK's party in Poland has been split. 
('Poland', 'Roumania')  This alliance contemplates the invasion of both Roumania and Poland. 
('Poland', 'Roumania')  Germany would demand a passage through Russian Poland to Roumania. 
('OLIVER', 'Princess')  Nothing had been said to him about his alleged remarks in front of the Princess de ROHAN and Mrs. OLIVER in Gibraltar, and nothing had been said to him about [redacted] incident. 
('OLIVER', 'Princess')  I told him that, according to our information, he had intimated both to the Princess de ROHAN and Mrs. OLIVER that Mills was not only Defence Security Officer [redacted]. 
('OLIVER', 'Princess')  BURGESS said that he could not possibly have said anything of the kind to the Princess de ROHAN or Mrs. OLIVER, as in fact he did not know until I told him that Mills [redacted]. 
('OLIVER', 'Princess')  He told them that he had met Princess de ROHAN and Mrs. OLIVER at the Rock Hotel, that they were extremely nice people and he hoped that Mills would look after them. 
('OLIVER', 'Princess')  As was subsequently learned from Princess de ROHAN, BURGESS spent an evening with her and Mrs. OLIVER in their room, where he got very drunk at their. 
('Naval', 'Navy')  When the position was reviewed in July, 1945, the British concluded: (i) that 99 the Soviet Union, again a first-class power with world-wide interests, would make great efforts to increase her naval strength, (ii) that for some years to come, however, the Soviet Union was likely to be fully occupied in restoring her naval position in the Baltic and the Black Sea: (iii) that it was doubtful whether the Soviet Navy, even when expanded, would ever become more than a loyal helper of the Red Army, but (iv) that it would be unwise to overlook the possible implications of the re-emergence of Russia as a great Naval Power without a big sea-going and ocean-going fleet and suitable disposed bases. 
('Naval', 'Navy')  The line between ourselves and the Navy is that we undertook to inform them about any outside subversive influence being brought to bear on Naval ratings when they are ashore. 
('Naval', 'Navy')  rang me up about a Canadian of White Russian origin who has served in the Canadian Navy for 20 years, and has been nominated to join the Canadian Naval Staff here under the Canadian High Commissioner. 
('Naval', 'Navy')  rang me up about a Canadian of White Russian origin who has served in the Canadian Navy for 20 years, and has been nominated to join the Canadian Naval Staff here under the Canadian High Commissioner. 
('Naval', 'Navy')  He had succeeded in extracting the list from the U.S. Navy but since it seemed to consist to a large extent of communists and to be extremely bulky, I asked him to try and get the Naval Authorities to reduce them to mana- geable proportions. 
('Moscow', 'Stalin')  This proposal came almost immediately after a visit by ZILLIACUS to Warsaw and Moscow, where he had an inter- view with Stalin. 
('Moscow', 'Stalin')  The furtherance of this movement has been a suggestion from Warsaw that a Left Wing Socialist International should be formed, which would be known as SOCINFORM This proposal came almost immediately after  visit by ZILLIACUS to Warsaw and Moscow, where he had an inter- view with Stalin. 
('Moscow', 'Stalin')  This proposal came almost immediately after a visit by ZILLIACUS to Warsaw and Moscow, where he had an inter- view with Stalin. 
('Moscow', 'Stalin')  to-day, Brain mentioned that Kelly, our Minister in Moscow, had had a fairly congenial meeting with Joe Stalin, who seemed to be in good health. 
('Moscow', 'Stalin')  They had been working for Subhas BOSE who wanted them to facilitate his journey to see Stalin in Moscow. 
('Mills', 'ROHAN')  I told him that, according to our information, he had intimated both to the Princess de ROHAN and Mrs. OLIVER that Mills was not only Defence Security Officer [redacted]. 
('Mills', 'ROHAN')  BURGESS said that he could not possibly have said anything of the kind to the Princess de ROHAN or Mrs. OLIVER, as in fact he did not know until I told him that Mills [redacted]. 
('Mills', 'ROHAN')  He told them that he had met Princess de ROHAN and Mrs. OLIVER at the Rock Hotel, that they were extremely nice people and he hoped that Mills would look after them. 
('Mills', 'ROHAN')  Before leaving for Tangier, BURGESS rang up Mills and said he was not really sure about de ROHAN or Mrs. OLIVER and that they might, in fact, be up to anything. 
('Mills', 'ROHAN')  It was in Tangier that Mills first met Princess de ROHAN. 
('Maxwell', 'Peake')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about pundishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Peake, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Maxwell', 'Peake')  I thought that Maxwell and Peake realised that there were difficulties, but I doubt very much whether they will take any steps to solve them in our sense. 
('Maxwell', 'Peake')  This is evidently the result of our meeting with Maxwell and Peake the other day. 
('Maxwell', 'Peake')  Subsequently Dowson was called in and then Peake and Maxwell. 
('Maxwell', 'Peake')  Maxwell, Peake, Brooke, myself and M. were present. 
('Mann', 'Scottish')  Mann tells me that MIDDLETON, who had recently resigned publicly from the Communist Party, has now been elected as Secretary of the Scottish T.U.C. 
('Mann', 'Scottish')  Mann brought two Scottish S.B. 
('Mann', 'Scottish')  -------------- Jack Mann talked to me about the distribution by the Scottish office Health Department of certain secret documents to municipal authorities. 
('Mann', 'Scottish')  Mann came to see me about a lecture in November to Scottish Police, on the subject or Post Report. 
('Mann', 'Scottish')  Mann told me that Mars's visit to Scottish Police Forces had been a great success and that they were now much clearer about the operation of Post Report. 
('Malayan Union', 'Singapore')  should be broken up between the two Commissioners of Police in the Malayan Union and Singapore, and act as the Special Branch under the local Police officials. 
('Malayan Union', 'Singapore')  Police in the Malayan Union and Singapore, and act as the Special Branch under the local Police officials. 
('Malayan Union', 'Singapore')  Police in the Malayan Union and Singapore, and act as the Special Branch under the local Police officials. 
('Malayan Union', 'Singapore')  He feel a general lack of information, but the primary collectors of such information on halayan territory have, of course, been the Malayan Security Service, formerly under Dalley, but not split up into S.B.s of the Malayan Union and Singapore at last. 
('Malayan Union', 'Singapore')  He sai that neither in the Malayan Union nor in Singapore had the S.B.s any proper conception of their tasks. 
('Madrid', 'Spanish')  I ascertained later that Serrano Suner's son is also employed at Montreal and that the Spanish Consul at Panama, Bernard, was to be reinforced by a new Spanish arrival from Madrid. 
('Madrid', 'Spanish')  I asked them whether it would do any good if I spoke to External Affairs and impressed them with the dangers of the situation, since we knew perfectly well at home that all the Spanish Consuls were acting for the Germans and that any information which reached Madrid was handed over immediately to the Germans and Japanese. 
('Madrid', 'Spanish')  This decision had followed a meeting of important Spanish and German officials in Madrid. 
('Madrid', 'Spanish')  It seems that his got documents irom the Spanish Police in Madrid which disclose S.I.S and S.0.E. 
('Madrid', 'Spanish')  When the landings had actually taken place the Intelli- gence stations in Spanish Morocco received instructions from Madrid to put all their forces to bear to investigate the situation and report back. 
('Lisbon', 'Pan')  It was also arranged that the same con- ditions imposed on the American export lines regarding visitors and mail from Foynes to Lisbon should be imposed on the new route being opened by Pan-American Airways. 
('Lisbon', 'Pan')  Pan has arriveed from Lisbon to clear up the case of the Czech C.E. 
('Lisbon', 'Pan')  In our view Pan should not be allowed to re- turn to Lisbon until Alexander reaches this country. 
('Lisbon', 'Pan')  September 14th Dick spent the morning closeted with the Czechs and Pan who has been brought back here from Lisbon to discuss the position of Alexander, who is undoubtedly working for the Germans. 
('Lisbon', 'Pan')  He told him however that he had decided that Pan should not be allo ed to return to Lisbon at any rate until the alexander question had been settled. 
('Kellar', 'Shaw')  Sir John Shaw came round to see Kellar and we had a further general talk. 
('Kellar', 'Shaw')  He will, however, like us all, have to do his best to give Shaw all the assistance that he can, Kellar envisages that it is the D.G's wish that he should handle every aspect of overseas matters, including staff over the whole field, not only of the Colonial stations, but of S.I.M.E. 
('Kellar', 'Shaw')  -------------- Sir John Shaw, Kellar and Bamford came to discuss the transmission of information to Pakistan. 
('Kellar', 'Shaw')  -------------- I had a conference with Kellar and Shaw on the WYBROW case. 
('Kellar', 'Shaw')  Shaw mentioned that he had had a telegram from Kellar about the request of the Governor in Nairobi that he should look into the whole security position in Kenya. 
('Java', 'Malaya')  One in Java and the other in Malaya. 
('Java', 'Malaya')  I told him that Kenneth Strong was unable to give him any employment in J.I.B., but that if he were going to Malaya or Java he would be glad to establish local contact, since rubber was a subject in which his department was interested Viv rang me up to ask me whether I had been Jenkin's letter in the Pakistan Times, to which the answer is "I'll say"!! 
('Java', 'Malaya')  One in Java and the other in Malaya. 
('Java', 'Malaya')  I told him that Kenneth Strong was unable to give him any employment in J.I.B., but that if he were going to Malaya or Java he would be glad to establish local contact, since rubber was a subject in which his department was interested. 
('Java', 'Malaya')  I do not quite know what his business is, but I gather that he travels about looking at rubber plantations, not only in Malaya but also in Java and Sumatra. 
('Japan', 'Japs')  talked to me about the G-2 report on the case of Dr. SORGE, the Soviet agent who had operated for a long time in Japan but was discovered by the Japs during the war and executed. 
('Japan', 'Japs')  The Canadians have telegraphed to say that SIS agents in Japan who are being worked from Vancouver are blown on and regarded by the Japs as drug traffickers. 
('Japan', 'Japs')  J. Japan, liaison with - 		430 Japs., repatriation of - 		542 Japs, arrests etc. 
('Japan', 'Japs')  The question of repatriation of Japs in the event of war with Japan is being considered. 
('Japan', 'Japs')  The Japs have arrested a number of our traders in Japan, on grounds of espionage. 
('Italy', 'Socialist')  In Western Europe it seems to be Moscow's policy to split the Socialist Parties: this they have already done in Italy with some success; since the Left Wing Socialist Party, under Nenni vote regularly with the Communists. 
('Italy', 'Socialist')  In Italy the majority of the Socialist Party under NENNI are voting with the Communists. 
('Italy', 'Socialist')  In Western Europe it seems to be Moscow's policy to split the Socialist Parties: this they have already done in Italy with some success; since the Left Wing Socialist Party, under Nenni, vote regularly with the Communists There has been talk in Warsaw, according to an article in the Times, of the formation of a Left Wing International. 
('Italy', 'Socialist')  In Western Europe it seems to be Moscow's policy to split the Socialist Parties: this they have already done in Italy with some success; since the Left Wing Socialist Party, under 99 Nenni, vote tegularly with the Communists. 
('Italy', 'Socialist')  This was very much the view of T-R, as expressed in his article in the Observer after his visits to Italy and France, in Italy the majority of the Socialist Party under NENNI are voting with the Communists. 
('Italians', 'Italy')  The Italians are making conciliatory gestures to the Turks and Italy generally is showing signs of becoming more pro-Allied. 
('Italians', 'Italy')  The Italians think the Czechs should not take so much part in international politics but settle down to develop their own culture, ILLOVY is working for the protection of Italy. 
('Italians', 'Italy')  A cable has just been received from Canada to say that they have documentary evidence that one of the Italian Consuls in Canada has issued instructions to Italians to commit acts of sabotage in the event of Italy coming into the war, and that explosives for this purpose have been assembled. 
('Italians', 'Italy')  to do nothing which would irritate the Italians, We cannot afford to go on like this any longer in view of the documentary evidence that the Canadians have obtained which shows that one of the Consulates in Canada has definite instructions for sabotage activities in the event of Italy coming into the war. 
('Italians', 'Italy')  At the board meeting this morning I explained about the Italian situation and suggested that Harry should warn the soldiers that there was a proposal to dump back in Italy as many Italians as we possibly could. 
('Irvine', 'Roger')  Dick, Roger, Irvine and I had a discussion about our attitude to the Western Union's War Room. 
('Irvine', 'Roger')  I discussed with Dick, Roger and John Irvine the question of the latter's future as Secretary of the S.I.C. 
('Irvine', 'Roger')  Roger is very anxious to get Irvine back as he has a lot of work for him to do. 
('Irvine', 'Roger')  -------------- I discussed with Roger and Irvine the question of the approach to the French regarding their security. 
('Irvine', 'Roger')  Roger is sending Irvine to Washington for the tripartite talks on French security which are to take place shortly. 
('ISOS', 'Maunsell')  I am trying to get him per- mission to take out certain ISOS and ISK notes for Maunsell. 
('ISOS', 'Maunsell')  He was in entire agreement that we should be kept fully informed as to what Maunsell was seeing, and he would not be averse to ISOS being taken out if it had not already gone by telegram. 
('ISOS', 'Maunsell')  He told us that he had been sending out a paraphrased version of ISK messa es but it was ouite clear that Maunsell nas not got any thing in the nature of a general synopsis of ISOS and ISK material affecting his area. 
('ISOS', 'Maunsell')  It seems that for some time SIS have been removing any ISOS messages which referred to their own agents or even to those of Maunsell. 
('ISOS', 'Maunsell')  Section V. act mainly as a conduit pipe about ISOS and that Maunsell clearly has nobody to give him a general apprecia- tion of this information in the way that Hart provides it for us. 
('I', 'Win Scott')  I arranged with Win Scott and Burt that in special cases we would pass the names of immigrants or visitors to the USA over police records. 
('I', 'Win Scott')  The DG, TAR and I were taken by Win Scott to see Admiral Leahy. 
('I', 'Win Scott')  Win Scott brought Penrose and Rositzky of the C.I.G, to see me: they have been touring round Europe, Rositzky is clearly the brighter of the two,and I should think a fairly slick operator. 
('I', 'Win Scott')  149 I lunched with Win Scott and the C.I.G. 
('I', 'Win Scott')  I said that I would try and get clearance from Win Scott. 
('I', 'Van')  I lunchea with Van Moyaand to-day and tola him that Felix Johnstone was to visit Phillips of Einthoven. 
('I', 'Van')  Van Moyland asked me to come out and meet the Chief of the Dutch Rijkspolitie, but I am afraid I cannot remember his name. 
('I', 'Van')  -------------- I lunched with Van Moyland. 
('I', 'Van')  I lunched with Van Moyland. 
('I', 'Van')  I told Sneath that I thought we should make a real effort to sift the case to the bottom and that the first step should be to obtain copies of all the reports that he had written to Van. 
('I', 'Tommy Harris')  I spoke to Tommy Harris who suggested that Garbo should either communicate direct with him or be given an address for DSO Trinidad in case he found himself in any difficulties. 
('I', 'Tommy Harris')  I advised him to consult with Tommy Harris, who knew the ropes pretty well. 
('I', 'Tommy Harris')  Afterward Tommy Harris, TAR and I took to lunch. 
('I', 'Tommy Harris')  I saw the New Year in with Tommy Harris. 
('I', 'Tommy Harris')  Tommy Harris has remained in Mallorca, so I did not attend his annual party. 
('I', 'Thomson')  I saw Admiral Thomson and Hill. 
('I', 'Thomson')  I saw Admiral Thomson and Hill. 
('I', 'Thomson')  I saw Admiral Thomson and Hill. 
('I', 'Thomson')  I gathered that Hatherill had been suggested as his successor, although Burt thought that Tommy Thomson is fully qualified to do the job. 
('I', 'Thomson')  I mentioned the case of Thomson Houston and Gordon CANNING. 
('I', 'Swiss')  I asked [redacted] if he had seen the recent report on the PIAT and PESCATORI interrogations which give in considerable detail the low-down on the British, American, French, Polish, Dutch, Russian Czech, German, Italian and Swiss Secret Services, during the war. 
('I', 'Swiss')  He has lent money to the Swiss attache, for whch he had an I.O.U. 
('I', 'Swiss')  He has lent money to the Swiss attache, for which he had and I.O.U. 
('I', 'Swiss')  From what he said, I do not think that BURGESS regarded the Princess de ROHAN as being wholly outside the family, in view of the fact that she had been in charge of Swiss affairs at the M. of I. during the war. 
('I', 'Swiss')  I asked that further enquiries should be made as to how long P/W mail takes to reach German territory or possibly Swiss territory. 
('I', 'Spain')  was on an official visit to Gib, but I could not conceive that he would be conducting any official business in Spain. 
('I', 'Spain')  I asked him what he was doing and he told me that he was going to Spain, where he would be doing journalistic work and writing a book. 
('I', 'Spain')  He, Hilda and PEACH are leaving on April 22nd; PEACH going to Spain and the other too to Mallorca, as far as I can understand. 
('I', 'Spain')  The set-up in southern Spain has become highly complicated and I was on the whole impressed by the way Medlam seemed to have the details more or less at his finger-tips. 
('I', 'Spain')  matters in Spain, Amerre Hoare who is also I think an S.I.S. 
('I', 'Sneath')  I discussed today the Elam case with Sneath. 
('I', 'Sneath')  In view of my depressing conversation with Newsam yesterday I have got Sneath and Dickson to prepare a case on the B.U.F. 
('I', 'Sneath')  I told Lord Swinton that Sneath was going up to see Birkett and that if the interview was unsatisfactory I would let him know. 
('I', 'Sneath')  I told Sneath that I thought we should make a real effort to sift the case to the bottom and that the first step should be to obtain copies of all the reports that he had written to Van. 
('I', 'Sneath')  I had a long talk with Sneath who is. 
('I', 'Senter')  I spoke to C. about a plan which John Senter had put to me for testing out the reliability of the Fighting French forces at headquarters, which S.O.E. 
('I', 'Senter')  August 15th I saw archie Doyle with T. A. R., Senter and Lionel Hale. 
('I', 'Senter')  I saw Senter and Wilson about two S.O.E. 
('I', 'Senter')  I showed Senter C's letter about leakage through the Fighting French C does not. 
('I', 'Senter')  This all sounds rather mysterious I have asked Senter to clear up a number of points. 
('I', 'Secrets Act')  I confined myself to saying that it would be almost impossible to us to prosecute under the Official Secrets Act if an official release was made, and I suggested that when making the handout something might perhaps be said to the press to the effect that the Official release did not authorise them to publish all sorts of stories that they might have already got written up in their lockers. 
('I', 'Secrets Act')  I saia that if it was decided to use the official Secrets Act in a big way, I thought we ought to intervene. 
('I', 'Secrets Act')  I said, after consultation with Hill, that while he could proceed under the Army Act and under Section 2 of the Official Secrets Act, this would obviously get him no where. 
('I', 'Secrets Act')  I said that, as far as we could see, Section 2 of the official Secrets Act would operate in such a case, although, of course, the matter had never been put to any legal test. 
('I', 'Secrets Act')  Directors meeting to-day I made a short statement about the MARSHALL case, emphasising that it was based very largely on association and was the kind of case which could only be brought by a country having an official Secrets Act. 
('I', 'Sanjevi')  I telegraphed to Bourne telling him that I shall be sending him a copy of my letter, and suggesting that it was for consideration whether it should not be shown both to Sanjevi and to Ahmed. 
('I', 'Sanjevi')  I telegraphed to Bourne, telling him that I shall be sending him a copy of my letter, and suggesting that it was for consideration whether it should not be shown both to Sanjevi and to Ahmed. 
('I', 'Sanjevi')  I asked Sanjevi about Communists in the Forces and the Civil Service. 
('I', 'Sanjevi')  I tola Sanjevi then asked about the control of aliens. 
('I', 'Sanjevi')  , 'Vickery, Ronnie Howe and I had lunch with Sanjevi at the Savoy. 
('I', 'Russell')  I saw Russell who is just back from Ceylon. 
('I', 'Russell')  I explained to Russell that it might well be necessary for us to know something or what is going on in Ceylon just as much as we may have to have some link with Malta even when the country obtained its independence. 
('I', 'Russell')  Though Russell is intelligent I do not think that he has much imagination. 
('I', 'Russell')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hollis, Tar, Mrs. Quinn, and Miss Russell King, about our relations with the Dutches. 
('I', 'Russell')  I am rather reinforced in this view by a series of broadcasts being given by Bertrand Russell on "Authority and the Individual". 
('I', 'Roger Moore')  I saw Roger Moore for i moment. 
('I', 'Roger Moore')  I told him that Norman Archer was saying on the advice of Boland that the IRA were in funds, Roger Moore thought this was extremely doubtful. 
('I', 'Roger Moore')  I went to Belfast where I saw Roger Moore and Pym, of the U.I.G. 
('I', 'Roger Moore')  I knew Roger Moore personally and he always came to see me when he was in this country. 
('I', 'Roger Moore')  I suggested to [redacted] that Carrol himself might be the subject of attention by the I.R.A., in view of the liaison that he had now had for many years with the North, and that he was, therefore, anxious to cease contact with Roger Moore and was consequently trying to scare him out of the Force: then saying that he could not conduct a liaison with his successor. 
('I', 'Register')  I felt that we were rather closing the door of the Home office and that if we could get them to mechanise Post Report there was a possibility of extending the scheme to the whole of the Aliens Register. 
('I', 'Register')  I had a discussion with Potter about the mechanisation of Post Report and the Aliens Register. 
('I', 'Register')  to-day I raised again the question of the mechanisation of Post Report and the Central Aliens Register. 
('I', 'Register')  I told the Committee that as it stood to-day the Aliens Register was purely alphabetical, and that as far as I knew there was no way of ascertaining what Hungarians or other nationalities were in this country, except by sending a circular letter to all chief Constables. 
('I', 'Register')  I saw Jones, Lodge and Weiler from the Home Office Aliens Branch, on the question of the mechanisation of Post Report and the Central Aliens Register. 
('I', 'Princess')  I told him that, according to our information, he had intimated both to the Princess de ROHAN and Mrs. OLIVER that Mills was not only Defence Security Officer [redacted]. 
('I', 'Princess')  BURGESS said that he could not possibly have said anything of the kind to the Princess de ROHAN or Mrs. OLIVER, as in fact he did not know until I told him that Mills [redacted]. 
('I', 'Princess')  From what he said, I do not think that BURGESS regarded the Princess de ROHAN as being wholly outside the family, in view of the fact that she had been in charge of Swiss affairs at the M. of I. during the war. 
('I', 'Princess')  When I talked to BURGESS about [redacted] incident, he said he remembered the discussion well: it had started by the Princess de ROHAN saying to him that she knew [redacted] to be mutual friend, what an excellent he was, and what splendid work he had done for the Allies during the war, and for her in particular. 
('I', 'Princess')  I said I doubted whether there was a real security issue, since Princess Elizabeth does not, as far as I know, receive secret Government documents. 
('I', 'Port')  I gave him one or two additional points about the important Port and Travel Control group and also the necessity for our being informed imunediately if anybody thinks he has detected a spy or saboteur. 
('I', 'Port')  I attended a lecture given by Palmer, Cookie's number two, who is an ex-S.C.O., on the work of the Port and Travel Control Group in the war. 
('I', 'Port')  I gave a talk to the Port Travel Control course on the principles which we employ in our world and on the application of these principles to [obfuscated] we did during the war. 
('I', 'Port')  I attended Cookie's Port & Travel Control Group cocktail party. 
('I', 'Port')  I explained to them that the Port Control Officers had certain duties which they had to perform, and that in the circumstances they had acted quite correctly although it was possible that the markings on the map would prove to be of no special interest. 
('I', 'Poland')  I then talked to him about the case of Joel CANG, the Polish journalist who represents the Times, Observer and Manchester Guardian in Poland. 
('I', 'Poland')  I believe that some sort of undertaking was given to him when he went back to Poland by Winston, to the effect that if he were in real difficulties he could always seek asylum in this country. 
('I', 'Poland')  I believe that some sort of undertaking was given to him when he went back to Poland by Winston, to the effect that if he were in real difficulties he could always seek asylum in this country. 
('I', 'Poland')  I believe that some sort of undertaking was given to him when he went back to Poland by Winston, to the effect that if he were in real difficulties he could always seek asylum in this country. 
('I', 'Poland')  I said that we would do our best to rehabilitate mentally and persuade him to drop any idea of returning to Poland. 
('I', 'Plymouth')  I talked to James Robertson and to Stewart about the case of three ships in Plymouth, which it is thought are being purchased by some Greeks for the purpose of illegal immigration into Palestine. 
('I', 'Plymouth')  Phillips said he thought that was a fair estimate of the position I said that we would do all we could to supply the information he required, and that I would send Boddington down to Portsmouth towards the end of next week, and that he might also be able to visit Plymouth. 
('I', 'Plymouth')  I said that we would do all we could to supply the information he required, and that I would send Boddington down to Portsmouth towards the end of next week, and that he might also 79 be able to visit Plymouth. 
('I', 'Plymouth')  In fact, Pelling deliberately refrained from doing so wing to the leakage about the "Illustrious" which he attributed to the Plymouth Police, and not, I think, without reason. 
('I', 'Plymouth')  I spoke to Hollis who arranged for Pelling to go down to Plymouth. 
('I', 'Philby')  C. was not very clear what Peter Dwyer was doing but suspected that I shout have a word with Philby. 
('I', 'Philby')  This I have undertaken to do as I thought possibly his knowledge of Turkish might appeal to Kim Philby. 
('I', 'Philby')  Dick and I had a talk with Kim Philby about Washington. 
('I', 'Philby')  -------------- Kim Philby came over and he, Dick, Roger, John Marriott, and I had A discussion about the F.B.I. 
('I', 'Philby')  -------------- I had a long talk with Kim Philby. 
('I', 'Perks')  I lunched with Perks, I explained to him our anxieties about the visa and about the whole work of sifting incoming travellers falling on his I.O.s. 
('I', 'Perks')  He welcomed the proposals which I had made to Perks that we should get into closer contact with Immigration officers, but he did not hold out much hope of improvement. 
('I', 'Perks')  I attended a meeting of senior Immigration officers at the Home office to which Perks had invited me. 
('I', 'Perks')  Hinchley and I saw Perks. 
('I', 'Perks')  Hinchley and I saw Perks. 
('I', 'Padgham')  Anthony tells me that the Control Commission have done nothing about Padgham although they had a letter which I sent out to Dick for the DG's signature when he was in Germany, advancing Padgham's claim for some form of employment in military government. 
('I', 'Padgham')  Dick, Curry, Anthony and I discussed the case of Padgham. 
('I', 'Padgham')  I suggested that Dick and Anthony should put all the facts to Vansi ttart and get his backing for our point of view, Since Van's advice carried great weight with Padgham. 
('I', 'Padgham')  19th February I dined with Dick and Padgham. 
('I', 'Padgham')  I saw Ned Reid about BRUNCK, who according to Padgham has been paying Schultzer-Bernett the head of the German S.S. in Holland. 
('I', 'PONTECORVO')  I said that PONTECORVO went from Rome to France in 1936, where it was alleged that he had worked for a time under JOLIOT-CURIE. 
('I', 'PONTECORVO')  I explained to the P.M. that on the information available, there had been no grounds for bringing PONTECORVO before the purge committee and that, therefore, D.At. 
('I', 'PONTECORVO')  I made a statement to-day about the PONTECORVO case at the Directors meeting of the J.I.C., but, owing to the very heavy agenda, it could not be a very full report. 
('I', 'PONTECORVO')  I had a discussion with Dick and Roger about an analysis of the PONTECORVO case, in answer to the J.I.C's request. 
('I', 'PONTECORVO')  I said I agreed that this might be so, although it would not have applied in the case of PONTECORVO, who was regarded by his fellow scientists as 100% reliable. 
('I', 'Ministries')  I then talked to Drew about the means by which we should receive Government papers - it often happened that the lower ranks of Ministries wanted to discuss such papers with us, and it caused difficulties when we had not seen them. 
('I', 'Ministries')  I spoke about Security officers doing their own interrogations in leakage cases in Ministries. 
('I', 'Ministries')  I discussed with Hollis a letter we are drafting to Ministries in regard to the vetting of the 150,000 industrials. 
('I', 'Ministries')  I made it clear to Mellor that if he was not satisfied, the only think he could do was to take the matter up with the Ministries concerned, and that he could be quite sure that we should not be in any way obstructive If we had an anxiety, it would be that if a dead set were made to keep under observation all the Communists about whom we had records, the security of our sources might be prejudiced. 
('I', 'Ministries')  I then discussed protective security, which we believed to be Inseparable from the function of acquiring and collating Information, While our organisation played a guiding role and gave assistance in a variety of ways, it was important that responsibility for protective security should be largely decentralised upon Ministries. 
('I', 'Mellor')  I told Mellor that I would look into the matter and communicate with him further. 
('I', 'Mellor')  I saw Brigadier Mellor and Colonel Barton to-day. 
('I', 'Mellor')  I told Mellor that I had looked through the files and that I had also discussed his complaint in some detail with Hollis. 
('I', 'Mellor')  It seemed to me that under the present arrangement Mellor was getting from the Ministry of Supply and the War office a considerable number of names, although whether he had all of them I could not say. 
('I', 'Mellor')  I made it clear to Mellor that if he was not satisfied, the only think he could do was to take the matter up with the Ministries concerned, and that he could be quite sure that we should not be in any way obstructive If we had an anxiety, it would be that if a dead set were made to keep under observation all the Communists about whom we had records, the security of our sources might be prejudiced. 
('I', 'Max')  Max Knight came to see me about the yearly donation to As something was due to him for services during the past war, I said I thought that we ought to pay, but that this probably ought to be the final payment. 
('I', 'Max')  I suggested to Dick that perhaps Max Knight might get someone in alongside [redacted] who could extract from him the fact that he was working for de COURCY and so give the necessary cover for our source of information. 
('I', 'Max')  I think that Max Knight would be the most appropriate contact. 
('I', 'Max')  Owing, therefore, to the shortness of time available I asked Dick to speak to Max on Monday and to let me know the result so that I can fix up a meeting through the D.M.I. 
('I', 'Max')  I had a talk with Max Knight about Tangye and his future relations with M. S. Knight agreed with me about Tangye and his organisation and said that he would be very pleased to co-operate with him. 
('I', 'Maltby')  Maltby had, on what evidence I do not know, told them that the propaganda material was going out to the continent through the Polish bag. 
('I', 'Maltby')  I explained to Maltby that if his information was correct it was a matter of some concern to us since we were responsible for the activities of Poles in this country. 
('I', 'Maltby')  I told C. that Maltby was really rather a 5th wheel in the coach and it would be preferable if Briscoe dealt with Cohen. 
('I', 'Maltby')  I told him that it would be difficult to consult M-E vithout bringing in Maltby since the proposal was to take over dertain units which were at present under Maltby's command. 
('I', 'Maltby')  I have told Frost to try and get Maltby to move his units to Newcastle and Reading so that they will be close to our regional offices. 
('I', 'Machell')  I asked Gee about Machell-Cox, the representative of the China Bureau who is doing the interrogations of British and foreigners in Hong Kong. 
('I', 'Machell')  I had a talk with Machell about Inside Information. 
('I', 'Machell')  I have asked Machell to analyse the information in the column over a period in order to establish which of them are true and which are not. 
('I', 'Machell')  I lunched with Machell who seemed to think that he had not got enough work to do. 
('I', 'Machell')  I had a meeting with D.G., Lennox, Machell and Harris about plans for misleading Fleet St. about Torch. 
('I', 'Macdonald')  I raised the question of Australia, and it was more or less agreed that after 'exploring the ground, an approach should be made suggesting that we establish a liaison officer in Australia, Macdonald, who is returning from the Caribbean will go to B.3.a. 
('I', 'Macdonald')  I had a long talk with Macdonald about the Malayan Police. 
('I', 'Macdonald')  I talked to Macdonald about the mechanisation of Post Report. 
('I', 'Macdonald')  I talked to Macdonald about Post Report. 
('I', 'Macdonald')  Postings: I had a word with Macdonald and Curoming about Post Report mechanisation. 
('I', 'Legion')  I have had a letter from Gerald Templer, drawing attention to a certain penetration of the British Legion in Hants and Dorset. 
('I', 'Legion')  I had a talk with Battersby about a letter from Gerald Templer on Communist penetration in the British Legion. 
('I', 'Legion')  I am telling Gerald that the Legion should take active steps now to put its house in order by: (i) the appointment of reliable and active district secretaries, who will see that Communists or fellow travellers are not nominated when executive posts fall vacant; (ii) that they should ensure that a really sound man is groomed for any vacancy that occurs, and that the right people should turn up at the election meeting, and (iii) that good speakers should be sent down to Branch meetings, who will put grievances in their proper perspective and prevent the Communists from holding the floor. 
('I', 'Legion')  I suggested that he should talk to the President of the Legion on these lines. 
('I', 'Legion')  I also raised the question of some of these people joining the Czech Legion in France. 
('I', 'Laithwaite')  On the other hand, the risks were considerable: there would be people attending the course who would obviously talk far beyond anything said at the lectures, and there is little point in building up the Russians in the ABC of Jet propulsion; the more so since we were simultaneously bringing over German technicians in order to deny their services to the Russians I had a meeting with Laithwaite on the subject of Burma. 
('I', 'Laithwaite')  On the other hand, the risks were considerable: there would be people attending the course who would obviously talk far beyond anything said at the lectures, and there is little point in building up the Russians in the ABC of jet propulsion: the more so since we were simultaneously bringing over German technicians in order to deny their services to the Russians I had a meeting with Laithwaite on the subject of Burma. 
('I', 'Laithwaite')  In the afternoon I saw Gilbert Laithwaite and Garner. 
('I', 'Laithwaite')  I told Laithwaite about our connections in Eire. 
('I', 'Laithwaite')  George Jenkin rang me up to say that Laithwaite had had information, emanating, I think, from the North, to the effect that the I.R.A. 
('I', 'Korea')  I imagine that he will tackle the Middle Eastern question, the Mediterranean Raval command, Korea and the whole of the Far Eastern question. 
('I', 'Korea')  In the Far East the Armistice negotiations still continue in Korea and, as I have said previously, it is difficult to see how we can in any way profit from the cessation of hostilities. 
('I', 'Korea')  I find it a little difficult to believe that the forcible repatriation of prisoners is the only obstacle to an armistice in Korea. 
('I', 'Korea')  I had lunch with [missing] He said that he had the feeling that Ike would make a serious attempt to break the deadlock in Korea. 
('I', 'Korea')  We also discussed the paper on Korea, when I managed to get a paragraph introduced about the possible deadlock being due to a desire by the Russians and Chinese to see what came out of General Eisenhower's visit. 
('I', 'Kirby Green')  I had a talk with Kirby Green who is leaving in about 2 weeks time for the Caribbean. 
('I', 'Kirby Green')  I discussed with Dick, Kirby Green and Clayton the proposal that K.G. 
('I', 'Kirby Green')  I saw Harola scott today about Kirby Green. 
('I', 'Kirby Green')  18th October 1946 I had a discussion with Kirby Green, Cumming and Furnival Jones about passages for our overseas officers. 
('I', 'Kirby Green')  Charles, Dick, Ede, Kirby Green, Spencer and I discussed the question of Trinidad and the withdrawal of Tufnell-Barrett. 
('I', 'Kimball')  I explained Kimball that we were making certain moves in this direction, that we had nothing to hide and would be glad to have a complete exchange with the F.B.I. 
('I', 'Kimball')  I saw Kimball again. 
('I', 'Kimball')  Kimball is having a talk with Cussen and Burt 750 I had a talk with Kenneth and Kembal Johnson about INTERAVIA and the Swedish Air Lines. 
('I', 'Kimball')  Harker, T. A. R. and I Lunched with Kimball. 
('I', 'Kimball')  September 13th I lunched with Kimball, Hince The Americans are leaving early tomorrow morning. 
('I', 'Java')  I said that I would make enquiries, since even if they did not want a rubber expert, they might be very glad to get in touch with him and give him certain assignments if he was situated in Java. 
('I', 'Java')  I told him that Kenneth Strong was unable to give him any employment in J.I.B., but that if he were going to Malaya or Java he would be glad to establish local contact, since rubber was a subject in which his department was interested Viv rang me up to ask me whether I had been Jenkin's letter in the Pakistan Times, to which the answer is "I'll say"!! 
('I', 'Java')  I said that I would make enquiries, since even if they did not want a rubber expert, they might be very glad to get in touch with him and give him certain assignments if he was situated in Java. 
('I', 'Java')  I told him that Kenneth Strong was unable to give him any employment in J.I.B., but that if he were going to Malaya or Java he would be glad to establish local contact, since rubber was a subject in which his department was interested. 
('I', 'Java')  I do not quite know what his business is, but I gather that he travels about looking at rubber plantations, not only in Malaya but also in Java and Sumatra. 
('I', 'Iraq')  He has a strong preference for the Middle East which he knows, and would, I think, like to go to Iraq if there was a job. 
('I', 'Iraq')  I discussed with Kellar and Charles Butler the possibility of finding someone for Iraq. 
('I', 'Iraq')  Morton is, I think, pleased with his visit and feels confident that if given the chance he could do valuable work in Iraq. 
('I', 'Iraq')  Morton is, I think, pleased with his visit and feels confident that if given the chance he could do valuable work in Iraq. 
('I', 'Iraq')  Morton is, I think, pleased with his visit and feels confident that if given the chance he could do valuable work in Iraq. 
('I', 'Interrogation Centre')  -------------- I had a talk with Shaw about the Interrogation Centre in Hong Kong. 
('I', 'Interrogation Centre')  I said that I entirely agreed with the War Office point of view, that to set up an Interrogation Centre at a time of crisis would be a hopeless task, as it could not possibly get on its legs for six months. 
('I', 'Interrogation Centre')  I thought that if the Colony had the right to refuse entry it would surely have the right to say that those coming in must pass through an Interrogation Centre. 
('I', 'Interrogation Centre')  In talking to Cresswell afterwards, I was satisfied that he realised the importance of getting the Interrogation Centre going at the earliest possible moment, I gathered, too, that we are likely to refuse the Chinese the right to establish Consulates in Malaya. 
('I', 'Interrogation Centre')  I said that I was rather worried about the refusal of Kenya to accept an expert to set up the Interrogation Centre, as I had in mind the many mistakes that had been made in Malaya. 
('I', 'Inspector')  I had lunch with Sir Richard Aluwihare, Inspector General of Police, Ceylon. 
('I', 'Inspector')  As a matter of fact it would be unwise, I think, for Boddington to handle this liaison, since there was some incident there during the period of the Black and Tans which resulted in Wickham, the Inspector General, having Boddington thrown out of the country. 
('I', 'Inspector')  I had a talk with Inspector Dick of the R.C.M.P., who is concerned with Internment Camps in time of war in Canada. 
('I', 'Inspector')  I have arranged with Baker of the Home Office that Inspector Dick shall see Cornish on internment questions. 
('I', 'Inspector')  November 9th I had a talk with Inspector White of MAP and Joe Archer about the BOSWORTH case. 
('Hyde', 'I')  I looked in at the dinner given to at the Hyde Park Hotel. 
('Hyde', 'I')  June 15th I dined with Hyde and his wife. 
('Hyde', 'I')  I lunched with Tange and Hyde, the news editor of the Evening Standard. 
('Hyde', 'I')  I asked Hyde about D.Notices. 
('Hyde', 'I')  789 September 23rd Harker, M., Fulford, Tangye and I considered the case of Claud COCKBURN, who had approached Tangye and wanted him, Hyde, and Wilfred Roberts Mer, to form a small committee to assist C. [COCKBURN] in running The Week. 
('Hungary', 'Roumania')  He was asked about Hungary and Roumania. 
('Hungary', 'Roumania')  Hungary is the danger spot and she may be forced to allow the passage of troops through her country to Roumania. 
('Hungary', 'Roumania')  Hungary and the Danubian basin are to be an Italian sphere of influence, Roumania is to be a German sphere. 
('Hungary', 'Roumania')  Another report states that if Germany demands access to Roumania via Hungary, the latter will submit because resistance is not strategically feasible. 
('Hungary', 'Roumania')  The Germans are contemplating occupation of Roumania via Hungary. 
('Hughes', 'Lumpur')  Hughes is to succeed Battersbytat Kuala Lumpur in the spring of next year. 
('Hughes', 'Lumpur')  Hughes came to see me before leaving for Kuala Lumpur. 
('Hughes', 'Lumpur')  Hughes is to succeed Battersby at Kuala Lumpur ins the spring of next year. 
('Hughes', 'Lumpur')  Hughes came to see me before leaving for Kuala Lumpur. 
('Hughes', 'Lumpur')  Hughes is to succeed Battersby at Kuala Lumpur in the spring of next year. 
('Hughes', 'Kuala Lumpur')  Hughes is to succeed Battersbytat Kuala Lumpur in the spring of next year. 
('Hughes', 'Kuala Lumpur')  Hughes came to see me before leaving for Kuala Lumpur. 
('Hughes', 'Kuala Lumpur')  Hughes is to succeed Battersby at Kuala Lumpur ins the spring of next year. 
('Hughes', 'Kuala Lumpur')  Hughes came to see me before leaving for Kuala Lumpur. 
('Hughes', 'Kuala Lumpur')  Hughes is to succeed Battersby at Kuala Lumpur in the spring of next year. 
('Hugh Winterborn', 'I')  I saw Colonel Appleby, on the recommendation Of Hugh Winterborn. 
('Hugh Winterborn', 'I')  I mentioned the somewhat unsatisfactory state of affairs in the J.I.C (FE) and suggested that the matter should be placed on the Agenda next week, when Hugh Winterborn could attend. 
('Hugh Winterborn', 'I')  I saw Colonel Appleby, on the recommendation of Hugh Winterborn, Appleby has done most of his service in Burma, which he knows inside out: he also knows all the dialects. 
('Hugh Winterborn', 'I')  I mentioned the somewhat unsatisfactory state of affaris in the J.I.C (FE) and suggested that the matters should be placed on the Agenda next week, when Hugh Winterborn could attend. 
('Hugh Winterborn', 'I')  I saw Colonel Appleby, on the recommendation Of Hugh Winterborn, Appleby has done most of his service in Burma, which he knows 141 inside out: he also knows all the dialects. 
('Hope', 'I')  I told him that I had explained this point very carefully to Tess but that Stewart Hampshire had rung up Major Hope who had communicated with me to the effect that we had the all clear. 
('Hope', 'I')  On arrival at Dieppe we were I am glad to say met by Peter Hope. 
('Hope', 'I')  I talked to Peter Hope and also to Bobby McKenzie about the future of our office. 
('Hope', 'I')  I saw Peter Hope, and told him that I was afraid there was nothing that we could offer him. 
('Hope', 'I')  804 Elmes who I believe got some indication from Hope that the second transmitter would be in this area, put two and two together. 
('Holmes', 'Perfect')  I had a meeting with Perfect, Holmes, Bodaington and Mann. 
('Holmes', 'Perfect')  -------------- Perfect and Holmes came to talk to me about the Dockyard Police. 
('Holmes', 'Perfect')  -------------- I held a meeting to-day with Hollis, Furnival-Jones, Perfect, Holmes, Oughton and Mann on the question of Police vetting. 
('Holmes', 'Perfect')  Roger seemed worried about Perfect doing the job; he would have preferred Holmes, owing to the latter's more recent and more extensive police experience. 
('Holmes', 'Perfect')  I said that it was difficult to put Holmes in the deal with Chief Constables, who were normally dealt with by Perfect. 
('Hollis', 'White')  Murpie called and was seen by myself, Brigadier Allen, Hollis and Dick White. 
('Hollis', 'White')  Dick White and Hollis came to see me. 
('Hollis', 'White')  Dick White and Hollis came to see me. 
('Hollis', 'White')  Both GUNDERSEN and [missing] had had talks with Dick White and Hollis, and [missing] is to see B.2. 
('Hollis', 'White')  Discussed with Dick White, Sneath, M. and Hollis the question of the BUF and the Nordic League. 
('Hollis', 'Horrocks')  The DG considered the reorganisation plans which had been worked out by Dick, Hollis, Horrocks and myself and has apparently objected strongly to the re-amalgamation of E and F by B. 
('Hollis', 'Horrocks')  Horrocks, Dick, Harker, Hollis and I attended a meeting of the DGS to discuss future staff. 
('Hollis', 'Horrocks')  We had a meeting with Colonel Adam, Hollis, Dick and Horrocks on the Communist Working Party It was decided that we should prepare a rather fuller note for the D.G. 
('Hollis', 'Horrocks')  We had a meeting with Colonel Adam, Hollis, Dick and Horrocks on the Communist Working Party. 
('Hollis', 'Horrocks')  Hollis undertook to put up a note on our deliberations, which we would discuss on Monday with Horrocks when he returned. 
('Hitler', 'Musso')  According to a wireless, telephone conversation between Welles and Roosevelt, which took place at 6.50 p.m. on the 16th March, Musso was anxious for Welles to meet Hitler, in order that he might tell him that Musso's political basis for a peace settlement were not insoluable*, but that security was the indispensible factor without which nothing real and permanent could be achieved.Roosevelt considers that progressive disarmament must be part of any settlement and that the economic world must be open if the distressed soldiers and workmen are to be provided for. 
('Hitler', 'Musso')  reports dated today: Hitler wants Musso to adhere to the German-Soviet alliance with a view to joint action in the near and middle east. 
('Hitler', 'Musso')  A man called DALMANIN, a Maltese, has offered us the text of the Brenner Treaty between Musso and Hitler for the small sum of 5 million lira! 
('Hitler', 'Musso')  material of 4.4.40: The following account has been given of the Brenner meeting between Hitler and Musso. 
('Hitler', 'Musso')  Hitler told Musso at the end of April that he was going to make an offensive from the Swiss frontier (Basle) to Holland in about 3 weeks and that he would defeat the French army in 2 weeks. 
('Hill', 'Roger')  Roger, Miss Chenhalls, [missing] and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Hill', 'Roger')  Roger, Miss Chenhalls,		and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Hill', 'Roger')  12th November, Roger, Miss Chenhalls, and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Hill', 'Roger')  I had a meeting about the war Book with Charles, Dick, Roger and Hill. 
('Hill', 'Roger')  -------------- Roger and Hill talked to me about MINCEMEAT. 
('Hilda', 'I')  It may well be that Tommy has had a row with Hilda, but this has happened before and I should say would likely to blow over quite easily. 
('Hilda', 'I')  Hilda and PEACH met me in the hall and I greeted PEACH in the normal way. 
('Hilda', 'I')  The only hint that I got as to the extent or otherwise of the Harris' knowledge of the PEACH case was when I was alone for a moment with Hilda. 
('Hilda', 'I')  He, Hilda and PEACH are leaving on April 22nd; PEACH going to Spain and the other too to Mallorca, as far as I can understand. 
('Hilda', 'I')  Tommy and Hilda will be returning in September when he is to have another operation, but not, I gather, or a serious kind. 
('Hatherill', 'I')  I gathered that Hatherill had been suggested as his successor, although Burt thought that Tommy Thomson is fully qualified to do the job. 
('Hatherill', 'I')  I could not draw Burt on Hatherill. 
('Hatherill', 'I')  The meeting was at my request as I wanted to talk to Burt about his successor and considered what he told me regarding his own transfer, and that Hatherill will probably take his place. 
('Hatherill', 'I')  I wondered, however, whether it was altogether fair to pass Hatherill over from C.I.D. 
('Hatherill', 'I')  I said I doubted whether Hatherill had the personality. 
('Haldane Porter', 'I')  I had a discussion with Dick, Haldane Porter and Derek Hamblen about Dick's visit to the Middle and Far Bast. 
('Haldane Porter', 'I')  I told him about and his work, and introduced him to Alec Kellar and Haldane Porter. 
('Haldane Porter', 'I')  Dick, Haldane Porter and I discussed the Lebanon. 
('Haldane Porter', 'I')  -------------- I had a talk with Haldane Porter about the Planners' paper on oil in the Middle East and Far East. 
('Haldane Porter', 'I')  I discussed with Haldane Porter the course for the Persians. 
('Green', 'I')  I had a talk with Kirby Green who is leaving in about 2 weeks time for the Caribbean. 
('Green', 'I')  I discussed with Dick, Kirby Green and Clayton the proposal that K.G. 
('Green', 'I')  I saw Harola scott today about Kirby Green. 
('Green', 'I')  18th October 1946 I had a discussion with Kirby Green, Cumming and Furnival Jones about passages for our overseas officers. 
('Green', 'I')  Charles, Dick, Ede, Kirby Green, Spencer and I discussed the question of Trinidad and the withdrawal of Tufnell-Barrett. 
('Glenalmond', 'I')  I was convinced that Glenalmond could move not only without dislocation but with consid- erable advantage to itself and that a good many of the workers there were similarly convinced. 
('Glenalmond', 'I')  I do not think that communication would necessar- ily present any great difficulties since lines that we were now using to Glenalmond would be available for them to use for communicating with their registry etc. 
('Glenalmond', 'I')  I thought there would have to be something in writing, which woud make it quite clear that we could not go on bottle- necking our stuff through Glenalmond. 
('Glenalmond', 'I')  I said that I did not think it was as bad as that and that frankly I could not see that Glenalmond was performing any useful function as regards our liaison with the F.B.I. 
('Glenalmond', 'I')  Dick, Curry and I went to Glenalmond. 
('Gilbert', 'I')  I am trying to get hold of Gilbert Ryle. 
('Gilbert', 'I')  I have just read Gilbert Ryle's extremely interesting analysis of the KLATT case with particular reference to MAX and MORITZ. 
('Gilbert', 'I')  In the afternoon I saw Gilbert Laithwaite and Garner. 
('Gilbert', 'I')  Both General Stewart and Colonel Gilbert said that they fully understood the position and had not wished to imply in any way that the Security Service in this country was responsible, Oricoursen the person who was really responsible, although naturally I did not say this at the meeting, was the P. M. himself, who made a complete hash of the whole business. 
('Gilbert', 'I')  I had the feeling that both General Stewart and Colonel Gilbert were not entirely satisfied with the present position. 
('Gerald', 'Morton')  Meanwhile, Gerald Templer, according to his tele- gram, had approached Morton in order to make another bid for his services. 
('Gerald', 'Morton')  about a further approach to Morton by Gerald Templer for the former's services. 
('Gerald', 'Morton')  At the D.G's meeting to-day we discussed the telegrams from Morton, which seemed to conflict somewhat with Gerald Templer's. 
('Gerald', 'Morton')  Morton's telegram showed that he had reserved his decision on whether or not to accept the appointment until he had come home and discussed the matter, whereas Gerald seemed to imply that Morton had agreed to accept the appointment. 
('Gerald', 'Morton')  We thought we ought to get this matter quite settled with Morton before Gerald Templer descends upon us. 
('Gen', 'Lethbridge')  One can only listen to what Gen. Lethbridge had to say. 
('Gen', 'Lethbridge')  I pointed this out both to Rhodes and to Gen. Lethbridge, D.N.I. 
('Gen', 'Lethbridge')  One can only listen to what Gen. Lethbridge had to say. 
('Gen', 'Lethbridge')  'C' however threw some doubt on the advisability of creating a War Room with the Americans owing to the differences which exist between G.2., I got Col. Rhodes, who attended the meeting with Gen. Lethbridge, to come round after inch. 
('Gen', 'Lethbridge')  I pointed this out both to Rhodes and to Gen. Lethbridge, 96 D.N.I. 
('Garbo', 'I')  I had a talk with Tommy Farris and Richard Butler about Armas GARCIA, who is being questioned by the Income Tax Authorities about the transfer of funds which was carried out on behalf of Garbo. 
('Garbo', 'I')  I spoke to Tommy Harris who suggested that Garbo should either communicate direct with him or be given an address for DSO Trinidad in case he found himself in any difficulties. 
('Garbo', 'I')  Later in the day I called on Moore and left with him a paper giving our views (a) on the question of revealing strategic deception as a whole contrary to the Joint Chiefs of Staff ruling and (b) on the danger to both Garbo and Brutus in the light of recent revelations which made it clear that the battle of Normandy was fought almost entirely on their information. 
('Garbo', 'I')  I pointed out that there was now conclusive proof that the Battle of Normandy had been run almost entirely on the information supplied by Brutus and Garbo and that as the Germans were still in the dark and thought that they had made a miscalculation, we should do our utmost to leave them and the rest of the world in ignorance of the true facts. 
('Garbo', 'I')  Lastly I told Cimperman to tell Ladd that I hoped before very long to let him have the Garbo story for his own private information. 
('Friday', 'I')  I told the D.G, that we had just had a tele- phone conversation by a man called OCKHART from MOSLEY's house, a number in bayswater, which made it clear that FLOCKHART and others are using RAVEN THOMSON's car and are intending to pick up four prominent Jews and flog them on Friday night. 
('Friday', 'I')  I obtained the D.G's approval for all the measures which we had tentatively agreed on on Friday in connection with war planning. 
('Friday', 'I')  I arranged an appointment for 2.30 on Friday. 
('Friday', 'I')  There is I gather to be a meeting on Friday at which I presume we shall be represented. 
('Friday', 'I')  I explained to him that this whole matter had boiled up very suddenly since we only knew on Friday or Saturday morning that T.A.R. 
('Frank Newsam', 'I')  Gray and I went to see Sir Frank Newsam. 
('Frank Newsam', 'I')  I saw Sir Frank Newsam to-day in order to discuss with him my letter regarding Warrants to cover correspondence going to and emanating from an individual. 
('Frank Newsam', 'I')  I said I had been asked by Sir Frank Newsam whether we could let him have copies as, for some reason unstated, he did not wish to go to the C.R.O. 
('Frank Newsam', 'I')  I told the meeting that we had, in the light of additional facts, submitted, a note to the Home Office, recommending that at least the bulk of the delegation should be stopped, but that Sir Frank Newsam held the view that we should only give the Congress more publicity, and that the body politic here was quite capable of absorbing the virus and throwing it off. 
('Frank Newsam', 'I')  I told Burt that I was quite prepared, if necessary, to make representations to the Immigration in this sense, or, if expedient, to speak to Sir Frank Newsam, Burt said that he would have a talk with Ruck, and if he wanted any further assistance from me he would let me know. 
('Foulkes', 'I')  I had a long talk with Foulkes who is home on leave. 
('Foulkes', 'I')  I talked to Foulkes about the job I wanted him to do in connection with illegal immigration. 
('Foulkes', 'I')  I told him of our plans to send out Foulkes. 
('Foulkes', 'I')  I said that I should want to consider the matter very carefully, but that unfortunately Foulkes had just been ordered out to the Middle East. 
('Foulkes', 'I')  I explained to him the general set-up of S.I.M.E., and in particular the duties of Emery and Foulkes, who are members of his staff. 
('Finland', 'Sweden')  Forrest is now applying to go to Sweden and Finland. 
('Finland', 'Sweden')  Special material indicates that according to Gripenberg the Finnish Minister, HMG has advised Norway and Sweden to assist Finland directly and indirectly and promised that if they get into difficulties discussions as to assistance will take place. 
('Finland', 'Sweden')  Speaking to Scandinavian journalists in confidence on Feb. 2nd Winston said that Norway and Sweden must give every possible assistance to Finland and that if Germany attacked them they could rely on England. 
('Finland', 'Sweden')  Norway and Sweden seem to have a tacit understanding about volunteers to Finland but they want things to be done quietly since if there is publicity it may be as detrimental to our case as to theirs. 
('Finland', 'Sweden')  Special material of today's date indicates rather doubtfully that Sweden would be prepared to allow an expeditionary force to pass through their country to Finland. 
('Fascist', 'I')  We discussed generally the Fascist movement and I think I gave him all the answers he required. 
('Fascist', 'I')  I said that of course the one common factor in all the various Fascist groups was anti-Semitism and it seemed a pity that the reputable Jews could not-do something to call their disreputable kith and kin to order. 
('Fascist', 'I')  activity should be kept more in mind than hitherto I asked him about the Fascist National Congress of Labour, which appears to. 
('Fascist', 'I')  At the same time it seemed futile to go on vetting all these people from the Communist or Fascist point of view which we were doing at the rate of some 16,000 a month, while there is no check on the I.R.A. 
('Fascist', 'I')  I said that I could not envisage that there would be work for more than two or three since there would have to be a lot of discussion and coaching by our experts in the Fascist Movement if we were going to get anything out of the interrogations. 
('Fascio', 'Italy')  Today we have had cases of members of the Italian Fascio who for one reason or another wish to go to Italy. 
('Fascio', 'Italy')  Owing to the strained relations with Italy preparation has been made foe the arrest of members of the Fascio here. 
('Fascio', 'Italy')  Curry has raised the question of searching the headquarters of the Fascio and possibly Consulates in the event of war with Italy. 
('Fascio', 'Italy')  have sanctioned the internment of Italian dual nationals in the vent of war with Italy, If they are members of the Fascio and are not below the age of 16 or above the age of 60. 
('Fascio', 'Italy')  It is true that all of these people were down on our list as members of the Fascio, but it had previously been arranged that only young members of the Party who, owing to their local knowledge might be used against us as parachutists, should be held, while the remainder should be sent beck to Italy to create focal points of discontent. 
('FUCHS', 'Zone')  The point has been reached where FUCHS himself has come forward and informed Arnold that his father has been offered a Professorship in the Eastern Zone. 
('FUCHS', 'Zone')  I should have thought: (a) that we wanted to get FUCHS out of atomic energy and (b) that we did not wish to do anything which might encourage him to leave this country and to seek employment in the Eastern Zone of Germany, or in Russia. 
('FUCHS', 'Zone')  I explained to him that FUCHS had given us an opening by reporting to the Security Officer at Harwell that his father was now residing in the Soviet Zone of Germany, and that FUCHS had been informed that this in itself raised grave security issues which might jeopardise his continued employment at Harwell. 
('FUCHS', 'Zone')  He will tell Skinner that as FUCHS' father has accepted a position in the Eastern Zone it is impossible to retain him at Harwell, and that the Security authorities are quite adamant on this point, He will then ask Skinner whether he can find any opening for FUCHS, and he confidently expects that the answer will be in the affirmative. 
('FUCHS', 'Zone')  Cockcroft will then speak to FUCHS and will tell him that, owing to the fact that his father is employed in the Eastern Zone, he very much. 
('FUCHS', 'University')  and worked with FUCHS and Kearton, might have had the contact with the University students. 
('FUCHS', 'University')  We undertook to explore the legal position about getting rid of a civil servant, while Perrin said that he would make enquiries about & possible University job for FUCHS. 
('FUCHS', 'University')  The only two points which emerged were, firstly, that we must have a clear idea how we were going to dispose of FUCHS after the interrogation; was there, for example, a job open for him in a University? 
('FUCHS', 'University')  Nothing will be said to the University beyond the fact that FUCHS is looking for other employment. 
('FUCHS', 'University')  Against this report there were Police reports which did not indicate that FUCHS had taken any active part in political activities during his stay here since 1933, and there were glowing reports from Edinburgh and Bristol University about his ability as a physicist mathematician. 
('England', 'Spain')  At that time there was a suspicion that KONIG had gone to England via Spain. 
('England', 'Spain')  The most important thing in the case was the fact that this was Konig's third mission into Germany and on the two previous occasions he had returned to England via France and Spain. 
('England', 'Spain')  She will then aim at an alliance with France and Spain and the isolation of England. 
('England', 'Spain')  Ned is making enquiries about the supply, of notes by the Bank of England and the Big Five to the Bank of Spain, on similar lines to the enquiries he is making in regard to the Yokohama Specie Bank. 
('England', 'Spain')  The German S.S. in Spain have been asked by Berlin to supply a cover address in Spain to nich a Dutch seaman shortly to leave for England may write. 
('Eisenhower', 'I')  I said that could see no reason why Eisenhower, rather than disclosing deception on a major scale, should not continue himself to stating what Jodl in fact believed, namely that the Germans made a miscalculation as to the purpose or which our reserves in the SE England were going to be used. 
('Eisenhower', 'I')  Meanwhile a telegram is being sent to Maitland Wilson telling him that I am coming out and suggesting that I should explain the whole position to him and to Eisenhower. 
('Eisenhower', 'I')  I also mentioned that we had had a report [missing] to the effect that a special committee had been sitting in the U.S., under Eisenhower, to consider the military interest of the U.S. in Palestine. 
('Eisenhower', 'I')  I also mentioned that we had had a report to the errect that a special committee had been sitting in the U.S., under Eisenhower, to consider the military interest of the U.S. in Palestine. 
('Eisenhower', 'I')  I also mentioned that we had had a report to the errect that a special committee had been sitting in the U.S., under Eisenhower, to consider the military interest of the U.S. in Palestine. 
('Eileen', 'Tommy')  Eileen had retired to bed Tommy came upstairs and said there was a question that he wished to put her which she need not answer. 
('Eileen', 'Tommy')  The important question to my mind is what prompted Tommy to put the question to Eileen. 
('Eileen', 'Tommy')  Another point that Eileen made was that Tommy had said that he had been keeping on his business here for a cause. 
('Eileen', 'Tommy')  have come forward with a story, through Nicholas Elliott, obtained from Eileen (see pages 53 and 54) which they think suggests that Tommy might be implicated. 
('Eileen', 'Tommy')  Eileen seems to think that some approach has been made to Tommy on the basis of the information which she gave and that she is now getting the reaction through Kim, who is treating her pretty coldly. 
('Egypt', 'I')  Garvey of the FO rang me about a question put down by Beratin (Piratin) the Communist alleging that a special Security Committee in Egypt consisting of 3 British and 3 Egyptian representatives was dealing with the communists and was supplied with British funds, I said that we would make enquiries and let him know. 
('Egypt', 'I')  I gathered that both we and the Americans are agreed that in time of war we shall have to have a base in Egypt, but that in peace time it would be possible to make other arrangements. 
('Egypt', 'I')  I have also told Vickery about the adverse effects in Egypt of allowing enemy aliens to remain at large. 
('Egypt', 'I')  I said briefly that it was the responsibility of the Security Service to combat the activi- ties of the German Intelligence Service wherever it was directed against this country or British possessions, including Egypt and Palestine. 
('Egypt', 'I')  I had hoped that he might be able to tell us something about Ostro and the investigations being carried out on this subject in Egypt. 
('Duke', 'I')  I told Tommy that I would not put it above de COURCY to have fixed all this up with the Duke in order to blackmail the Govt. 
('Duke', 'I')  I gather that the Liberty Restoration League has practically no members It publishes a good many leaflets and is I understand financed by the Duke of Wellington. 
('Duke', 'I')  There is a movement to have him arrested because it isthought that his propaganda will do a lot of harm in the U.S.A. Fulford I think rather wisely considers that his arrest would do more harm than good since it would give the Duke an enhanced importance. 
('Duke', 'I')  Swinton's view and I understand Morrison's is that if the Duke is not dealt with there will be a cry of one law for the rich and another for the poor. 
('Duke', 'I')  I doubt whether the Duke of Windsor will like the look of him. 
('Douglas Roberts', 'Kellar')  Dick, Kellar and I had a talk about Douglas Roberts coming visit. 
('Douglas Roberts', 'Kellar')  Moreover, Douglas Roberts contradicted himself completely when he said that Kellar would not be suitable as he is not a soldier and then recommended Giles who is a policeman. 
('Douglas Roberts', 'Kellar')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('Douglas Roberts', 'Kellar')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('Douglas Roberts', 'Kellar')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts. 
('Director', 'Senior')  Personally, I thought that the whole purpose of getting rid of Deputy Director was to make us more flexible, but evidently an establishment for Senior Officers has now been obtained from the Treasury which puts us back more or less where we started. 
('Director', 'Senior')  It was difficult to see what Kellar would do, since if Hollis became Director of overseas stations he certainly would not want a Senior officer. 
('Director', 'Senior')  Ve were all of us extremely doubtful about the establishment of new grades between Senior officer and Director. 
('Director', 'Senior')  Firstly, the Senior Deputy or Assistant Director would have to be the next Director-designate, and this was a very difficult decision to make until a vacancy actually occurred. 
('Director', 'Senior')  There was a general discussion on the number of Senior officer posts which each Director considered necessary in his Division, but further particulars of these will be circulated. 
('Director', 'Hollis')  Dick told the meeting that Hollis has reported the formation of an Australian Security Service is now under way and that a man called REED has been a pointed the firat Director. 
('Director', 'Hollis')  was not prepared to allow this situation to remery itself when Kellar returned and other suitable officers were found to man the sections, the only possible arrangement would be for Hollis to become an additional Director and hol the position in the office of Deputy B.; this would to some extent ease this burden and ensure that overseas matters were represented on the Directorial Board. 
('Director', 'Hollis')  It was difficult to see what Kellar would do, since if Hollis became Director of overseas stations he certainly would not want a Senior officer. 
('Director', 'Hollis')  Firstly, to place Hollis as an extra Director in D. Division to carry overseas responsibilities and to act as D.B's deputy- this meant, of course, that another Director would have to be appointed for o. 
('Director', 'Hollis')  Division would not want another Director, in which case we should have to find someone else for C. Division on the assumption that Hollis would be the right man to assist Dick in B. I have arranged a meeting for to-morrow and have asked Dick to come up from Barrow Elm. 
('Dick White', 'Hollis')  Murpie called and was seen by myself, Brigadier Allen, Hollis and Dick White. 
('Dick White', 'Hollis')  Dick White and Hollis came to see me. 
('Dick White', 'Hollis')  Dick White and Hollis came to see me. 
('Dick White', 'Hollis')  Both GUNDERSEN and [missing] had had talks with Dick White and Hollis, and [missing] is to see B.2. 
('Dick White', 'Hollis')  Discussed with Dick White, Sneath, M. and Hollis the question of the BUF and the Nordic League. 
('Dick', 'Skardon')  Sir Edward Travis, Alexander of G.C.H.Q., Dick, Roger, Skardon and I discussed the FUCHS case from the technical angle. 
('Dick', 'Skardon')  I attended a meeting at the Ministry of Supply, accompanied by Dick, Arthur Martin and Skardon. 
('Dick', 'Skardon')  Skardon gave an account of his interview with FUCHS to the D.G., Dick, Marriott, Robertson and myself. 
('Dick', 'Skardon')  [redacted] came over and I gave him the story about FUCHS, in the presence of Dick, John, James, Skardon, and Hill. 
('Dick', 'Skardon')  Meanwhile I learned that Burt had approached Skardon, evidently rather hurt that the renewal of the suggestion that Jones Bhould lecture had not come to him through Dick White or myself. 
('Dick', 'SIME')  Dick has telegraphed suggesting that the transfer of SIME should be postponed for 6 months owing to the difficulties of getting military personnel to fill the gaps. 
('Dick', 'SIME')  I had a meeting with Charles, Horrocks, Dick, Ede, Clayton and Kellar to discuss administrative matters in connection with SIFE and SIME. 
('Dick', 'SIME')  I had a talk with Dick and Kellar about the future of SIME. 
('Dick', 'SIME')  Since Alex is likely to be on the sick list for some months, we felt that Magan would have to go as Head of SIME, Dick has complete powers to arrange what he can with the High Commissioner, Kellar suggested that either Dick or, strangely, Horrocks should take over during his absence. 
('Dick', 'SIME')  Since Alex is likely to be on the sick list for some months, we felt that Magan would have to go as Head of SIME, Dick has complete powers to arrange what he can with the High Commissioner. 
('Dick', 'John Marriott')  I got Dick and John Marriott in. 
('Dick', 'John Marriott')  I discussed with Dick and John Marriott the case of Nilliam Norman EWER, Dick and I felt, and I think John agreed, that as it would be necessary to consult members of the Labour Party before taking any action, the matter was af very considerable delicacy and our action might be missunderstood. 
('Dick', 'John Marriott')  -------------- Dick and John Marriott discussed with me the repeated demands of the F.B.I. 
('Dick', 'John Marriott')  -------------- Kim Philby came over and he, Dick, Roger, John Marriott, and I had A discussion about the F.B.I. 
('Dick', 'John Marriott')  suddenly sacked Dick White and John Marriott. 
('Dick', 'Jack')  6th January Jack Easton and came over to discuss with Dick and myself the question of S.I.F.E. 
('Dick', 'Jack')  It is to be hoped that Dick White will be able to iron this out when he visits the Middle East and Far East with Jack Baston next month. 
('Dick', 'Jack')  I do not think that such instructions would be much use unless our Police Forces were in a position to tell foreign Police Forces that they should deal on Security Intelligence matters I suggested that we should send a wire to Dick to discuss this matter and Jack Morton. 
('Dick', 'Jack')  We had a further meeting on Integration - Jack Morton, Magan, Dick White, Kellar and others being presents as a result of which we reached fairly firm conclusions on what our requirements were with regard to outstations of both S.I.M.E and S.I.F.E. 
('Dick', 'Jack')  Jack Morton came in to discuss with Dick, Horrocks and myself a telegram from Leighton to say that he now only wants the services of Carrel for research work within the Malayan Union S.B. 
('Dick', 'Glenalmond')  Dick has gone down to Glenalmond to look into A.C.E. 
('Dick', 'Glenalmond')  July 30th Dick has returned from Glenalmond. 
('Dick', 'Glenalmond')  At S.I.S's request Dick, Gibbs and Horrocks have examined the position at Glenalmond They are all agreed that Section V. can 692 move to London without dislocation and in fact with considerable advantages to themselves irrespective of the work they do for us. 
('Dick', 'Glenalmond')  Dick and Hart have returned from Glenalmond where they have been studying the activities of the Middle East Sections. 
('Dick', 'Glenalmond')  Dick, Curry and I went to Glenalmond. 
('Dick', 'Frost')  Dick had a discussion with Kellar and Hughes and it was arranged with Frost over the poor that a conference should be held at Barnet tomorrow to which G-P should ue invited. 
('Dick', 'Frost')  June 18th Dick had a long discussion with Frost about the position of the R.S.S. 
('Dick', 'Frost')  Frost, Hughes, Dick and I had a meeting about the detection of illicit wireless and the part played by R.S.S. 
('Dick', 'Frost')  Frost has had a conversation with Maltby who seems to be more or less prepared to consider all the points which were raised at the meeting between Frost, Dick, Hughes and my self the other day. 
('Dick', 'Frost')  At a meeting with G-P, Maltby, Dick and Frost the subject of R.S.S.' 
('Depts', 'I')  I said that I thought the JIC Chiefs of Staff papers all ought to go to the Secretariat, that D.1, 2 and 3 should maintain liaison with the Service Depts. 
('Depts', 'I')  Personally I do not think that this is enough since the tendency of Service Depts. 
('Depts', 'I')  Personally I feel that we should take a different line regarding this matter and should say that the internment of enemy aliens was a question which vitally affected the Service Depts. 
('Depts', 'I')  On return I heard that a question had been put down asking the Home Secretary whether any representations had been made by the Intelligence Depts. 
('Depts', 'I')  I said that as the Service Depts. 
('Delhi', "U'ren")  Horrocks came to see me on various staff matters He said that there had been some suggestion that U'ren should go to the Far East instead of to Ceylon as it was thought that he might be a suitable successor to Bourne when the latter's term comes to an end, and that U'ren might be better groomed for Delhi in Singapore. 
('Delhi', "U'ren")  It was decided to send U'ren to the Far East and to move him later, if necessary, to Delhi, or to Ceylon. 
('Delhi', "U'ren")  He said that there had been some suggestion that U'ren should go to the Far East instead of to Ceylon as it was thought that he might be a suitable successor to Bourne when the latter's term comes to an end, and that U'ren might be better groomed for Delhi in Singapore. 
('Delhi', "U'ren")  It was decided to send U'ren to the Far East and to move him later, if necessary, to Delhi, or to Ceylon. 
('Delhi', "U'ren")  I had a talk with U'ren about his work in Delhi. 
('Czechs', 'I')  I said that on the whole I doubted whether it was reasible to take any action, although we were quite satisfied that the Czechs were training their military pilots on their civil airlines. 
('Czechs', 'I')  To this latter proposal I said that we had a fairly good coverage from the espionage point of view in regard to Czechs, but that to keep them. 
('Czechs', 'I')  The latest return shows that the following totals have been arrested: Germans 161, Swiss I, Czechs 2, British 12. 
('Czechs', 'I')  Very tentatively I have suggested that the Tribunals should sort out these people with the aid of the Czech Refugee Committee and the police, to establish how many of them are bona fide Czechs and where there is any doubt the question of nationality or the bona fides of the individual, they should refer to us. 
('Czechs', 'I')  I suggested to him that he might go over the original list in order to consider whether a thorough interrogation, possibly by the Czechs, would not yield some result. 
('Czechoslovakia', 'Poland')  Phillips have clearly wide ramifications on the Continent and at one time had branches in Poland and Czechoslovakia. 
('Czechoslovakia', 'Poland')  There are three companies here which are concerned: the W.E.X., working with Hungary, Brenner working with Czechoslovakia, and Dahl working with Poland. 
('Czechoslovakia', 'Poland')  Two envoys are said to have come to Holland on his mission and were anxious to see a British cabinet Minister in order to get some assurance that if they took over and proposed the restoration of Poland and Czechoslovakia, Germany would be given an honourable settle- ent. 
('Czechoslovakia', 'Poland')  Peace terms could be discussed on the basis of an independent Poland and Czechoslovakia and the retention of Danzig. 
('Czechoslovakia', 'Poland')  that one ABS of the Deutsches Bank had been in Holland recently and had said much the same thing except that Poland and Czechoslovakia would have to be demilitarised. 
('Czech', 'Dick')  Dick told the meeting about the Home Office, against our advice, having naturalised Carol STRAUSS, a known Czech agent. 
('Czech', 'Dick')  Dick then spoke about the Czech agent, STRAUSS. 
('Czech', 'Dick')  Dick White has been looking into the affairs of the Czech Committee run by Sir Henry Bunbury. 
('Czech', 'Dick')  Dick is doing well with his Czech liaison. 
('Czech', 'Dick')  Dick tells me that one of his Czech friends has actually seen MORZ in London. 
('Cyril Mills', 'I')  I have met McClellan; he makes a very good impression Gagnon had apparently talked about Cyril Mills, whom he evidently disliked. 
('Cyril Mills', 'I')  I have met McClellan; he makes a very good impression Gagnon had apparently talked about Cyril Mills, whom he evidently disliked. 
('Cyril Mills', 'I')  Although one of my objects in doing so was to discuss with Cyril Mills GARBO's notional agent and the WATCHDOG case, I doubt whether I had much discussion on Communism in Canada. 
('Cyril Mills', 'I')  I told him that on my return I was going to propose firstly that he should be given a mandate from the Security Service and secondly that Cyril Mills should go ogrin order to assist in working D.A.S. 
('Cyril Mills', 'I')  He can spare Cyril Mills and could possibly spare one another, but personally I think he should have some free lances in reserve. 
('Cyril', 'I')  I have met McClellan; he makes a very good impression Gagnon had apparently talked about Cyril Mills, whom he evidently disliked. 
('Cyril', 'I')  I have met McClellan; he makes a very good impression Gagnon had apparently talked about Cyril Mills, whom he evidently disliked. 
('Cyril', 'I')  Although one of my objects in doing so was to discuss with Cyril Mills GARBO's notional agent and the WATCHDOG case, I doubt whether I had much discussion on Communism in Canada. 
('Cyril', 'I')  I told him that on my return I was going to propose firstly that he should be given a mandate from the Security Service and secondly that Cyril Mills should go ogrin order to assist in working D.A.S. 
('Cyril', 'I')  He can spare Cyril Mills and could possibly spare one another, but personally I think he should have some free lances in reserve. 
('Cyrenaica', 'SIME')  If we succeeded in maintaining our hold on Cyrenaica, SIME should there with G.H.Q. 
('Cyrenaica', 'SIME')  In any case, however, we should have to open a post of SIME in Cyrenaica, Hill tells me that he has seen the D.G's friend, Dixon, who is on the staff of Kemsley Press. 
('Cyrenaica', 'SIME')  If we succeeded in maintaining our hold on Cyrenaica, SIME should there with G.H.Q. 
('Cyrenaica', 'SIME')  In any case, however, we should have to open a post of SIME in Cyrenaica, Hill tells me that he has seen the D.G's friend, Dixon, who is on the staff of Kemsley Press. 
('Cyrenaica', 'SIME')  If we succeeded in maintaining our hold on Cyrenaica, SIME should there with G.H.Q. 
('Customs', 'WILMER')  WILMER brought in a diamond watch the other day and was caught by the Customs. 
('Customs', 'WILMER')  This was unfortunate as Burt finds WILMER quite useful: he therefore squared the Customs to drop the prosecution provided that three times the value of the watch was paid. 
('Customs', 'WILMER')  WILMER brought in a diamond watch the other day and was caught by the Customs, This was unfortunate as Burt finds WILMER quite useful: he therefore squared the Customs to drop the prosecution provided that three times the value of the watch was paid. 
('Customs', 'WILMER')  WILMER brought in a diamond watch the other day and was caught by the Customs. 
('Customs', 'WILMER')  This was unfortunate as Burt finds WILMER quite useful: he therefore squared the Customs to drop the prosecution provided that three times the value of the watch was paid. 
('Cussen', 'ZIGZAG')  The DG has decided to let Cussen go to Paris to investigate the leakage of information by ZIGZAG to the Etoile. 
('Cussen', 'ZIGZAG')  I talked to Cussen about the case of ZIGZAG. 
('Cussen', 'ZIGZAG')  I spoke to Cussen about the case of ZIGZAG. 
('Cussen', 'ZIGZAG')  Cussen thinks that it might be well worth while bringing a case against ZIGZAG and having it summarily dealt with in camera by a magistrate. 
('Cussen', 'ZIGZAG')  I attended a meeting in Harker's room with Cussen and Vesey (a) on the subject of the prosecution of ZIGZAG and (b) on a spy book written by one FIRMIN, Crime Correspondent of the Daily Telegraph. 
('Cross', 'International')  Roger, Miss Chenhalls, [missing] and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Cross', 'International')  the desirability of getting an opinion from Buster Milmo on the proposals of the International Red Cross are civilians in time of war. 
('Cross', 'International')  Roger, Miss Chenhalls,		and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Cross', 'International')  the desirability of getting an opinion from Buster Milmo on the proposals of the International Red Cross ?re civilians in time of war. 
('Cross', 'International')  12th November, Roger, Miss Chenhalls, and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Crocker', 'Swinton')  This is being backed by Swinton and Crocker and Stephens are on the job. 
('Crocker', 'Swinton')  I showed this case to Crocker and asked him to take it up with Lord Swinton. 
('Crocker', 'Swinton')  This place is not a mixture of Harrods, Scotland Yard and Philips Oppenheim, which is the rather half-baked view which Crocker and Swinton have got. 
('Crocker', 'Swinton')  Unfortunately Crocker jumped to all sorts of conclusions and pumped all this into Swinton before really getting the hang of the work. 
('Crocker', 'Swinton')  Crocker then showed me the note from Swinton appointing him a deputy Director and stating that he is to be in charge of investigation. 
('Corin', 'I')  I talked to Alley and Corin about Eindhoven's officers' visit to which the DG has now agreed. 
('Corin', 'I')  Alley, Corin, Vivian and I lunched with the Dutch. 
('Corin', 'I')  Apparently Moyland was very keen that I should go with Alley and Corin and help to smooth over difficulties between Col. Eindhoven and van Angeren. 
('Corin', 'I')  I saw no objection to his going with Corin if this were agreed. 
('Corin', 'I')  I lunched with Corin, Burt and two Norwegians. 
('Congress', 'I')  He thought it would be a bad thing to give the impression that we were running Colonies from America and if there were an officer there for that purpose it might invite criticism if Congress got on to it, I said I did not think that this need happen. 
('Congress', 'I')  activity should be kept more in mind than hitherto I asked him about the Fascist National Congress of Labour, which appears to. 
('Congress', 'I')  I saw Newsam to-day, wen I handed him a copy of our note on the Sheffield "Peace" Congress. 
('Congress', 'I')  I told the meeting that we had, in the light of additional facts, submitted, a note to the Home Office, recommending that at least the bulk of the delegation should be stopped, but that Sir Frank Newsam held the view that we should only give the Congress more publicity, and that the body politic here was quite capable of absorbing the virus and throwing it off. 
('Congress', 'I')  I felt that in view of the importance attached to this Congress, it would still be necessary for us to render a report upon it, even thought the principal delegates might not be there. 
('Commons', 'I')  In the afternoon I went to the House of Commons where I heard Mekenzie King speak on the espionage case. 
('Commons', 'I')  He is somewhat temperamental, though when I saw him he was much elated by the fact that KAY had not been given bail and by McKenzie King's statement in the House of Commons commending his (CORBY's) action. 
('Commons', 'I')  I saw the Lord President at the House of Commons about one, who wants to be employed in the Central office of Information. 
('Commons', 'I')  I could not understand what had prompted the Prime Minister to make his statement in the House of Commons, since recent evidence seemed to indicate that the explosion was due to faulty construction of a depth charge. 
('Commons', 'I')  I said I found it difficult to see how they could avoid doing so, since if the Department was attacked somebody would have to defend it in the House of Commons. 
('Commander', 'I')  Burt has been made a Commander, and I have suggested to the D.G. 
('Commander', 'I')  -------------- I attended Ronnie Hove's celebration dinner given by Wing Commander Hulbert. 
('Commander', 'I')  I Naval Commander was apparently a ent up to Glasgow to deliver the orders, etc., to the C.-in-C. aboard H.M.S. 
('Commander', 'I')  I had dinner with Commander Legge, C.C. 
('Commander', 'I')  First of all he was very insistent that whatever units of M.I.5 or M.I.6 operated abroad should come under the force Commander and be part of the I.B.staff. 
('Colonies', 'Governor')  As regards the Colonies, where there is reluctance to send documents to the Governor we have obtained permission to send it to the DSO who will bring It to the attention of the Governor. 
('Colonies', 'Governor')  The P.M. is writing to the Secretary of State for the Colonies, telling him to inform the Governor that the D.G. 
('Colonies', 'Governor')  The P.M., however, clearly wanted the D. G. to go and has written a letter to the Secretary of State for the Colonies, in which he instructs him to inform the Governor that the D.G. 
('Colonies', 'Governor')  Clearly we did not want a joint commission, and still less an American one; we would have to say that the security of the Colonies was a matter for the Governor, but that our Overseas Defence Committee was considering V.Ps in the Colonies and that in certain areas we had a Security officer who would be participating in local defence plans In practice it seemed to us that there was very little that could be done at the present juncture. 
('Colonies', 'Governor')  While the Governor did not think that Malaya was any parallel, he seemed extremely anxious that security generally should be examined, and this was endorsed by the Secretary of State for the Colonies. 
('Col', 'Vivian')  Col. Vivian received a letter in a foreign handwriting from a woman. 
('Col', 'Vivian')  She stated that Mr. [redacted] had told her at the time of the 1938 crisis that his life would be in great danger and that if she wanted to know about him she should communicate with Col. Vivian at Room 47, F.O. 
('Col', 'Vivian')  He was told that he had behaved in an extremely indiscreet way by giving Col. Vivian the kind of publicity which he did not in the least desire and if he did anything like that again his services would probably be dispensed with. 
('Col', 'Vivian')  Col. Vivian had made it very clear that we did not function on foreign territory. 
('Col', 'Vivian')  The D. G. said that he would speak to Col. Vivian. 
('Col', 'Stanley')  has got a resolution passed by the ISSB in which the view is expressed that communication between Col. Stanley and the XX Committee should be via the ISSB. 
('Col', 'Stanley')  suggested that Col. Stanley should obtain any thing he wanted from the XX Committee via the ISSB on whom the Security Service had their representative. 
('Col', 'Stanley')  I suggested that that procedure might perhaps be rather cumbersome and that there might be an advantage in Col. Stanley having direct contact with us. 
('Col', 'Stanley')  I then submitted my note which made it quite clear that whatever the decision was about Col. Stanley the control of the special agent system must remain in the hands of ourselves and SIS and that we must be the final judges as to whether Col.Stanley's or any other depts. 
('Col', 'Stanley')  It may nbe that we are fairly near the turning point and when the moment comes I think we should co-opt Col. Stanley on the W.Baord and get him to send a representative to the Twenty Committee. 
('Coast', 'I')  There is in fact a slight feeling that we are on the way out, and I cannot see that, if NKRUMA's party, for example, in the Gold Coast gets to power after the elections in April, we shall not reach a situation where the Governor will have to go on saying "no", which will cause the natives to say that the Constitution is a farce, or where we shall have responsibility without power. 
('Coast', 'I')  At the same time I feel it is highly probable that the Germans are active on the West Coast and that the Govt. 
('Coast', 'I')  I recommen- ded to Grieg, although it was actually outside my province, that if it were pos- sible for him to arrive at a point where we could supply Eire with equipment of one kind or another and so place them under an obliga- tion to us, we should have much better grounds for interfering in matters affecting German submarine activities on the West Coast. 
('Coast', 'I')  Its contents ring fairly true and indicate that the Germans, in conjunction with the I.R.A., are planning some kind of action on the West Coast rather than on the East. 
('Coast', 'I')  I had a long talk with Robertson of External Affairs when he told me that the policy as regards Japanese wa to evacuate them as far as possible from the Pacific Coast. 
('Club', 'I')  I met 'C' and General Sinclair at the Club. 
('Club', 'I')  I went to the Special Branch Athletic Club annual dinner. 
('Club', 'I')  In Dick White's absence I saw Lord Vansittart at his Club. 
('Club', 'I')  I said that I did not feel that we could take on the Travellers Club as an extra vetting commitment, although I saw there was a certain security issue due to the large number or members from the Foreign Office and other Government Departments. 
('Club', 'I')  September 6th I saw Lamplough and Caulfeild at the Club. 
('Charles', 'Stephens')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Charles', 'Stephens')  Oussen advised that Stephens should wait until he received notice of a court martial, and should then state that he wished to communicate with Charles Russell & Co., his solicitors in London, and to be represented. 
('Charles', 'Stephens')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Charles', 'Stephens')  Cussen advised that Stephens should wait until he received notice of a court martial, and should then state that he wished to communicate with Charles Russell & Co., his solicitors in London, and to be represented. 
('Charles', 'Stephens')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Charles', 'Harker')  I had a meeting with Harker, Charles and Harry about the future title of the office. 
('Charles', 'Harker')  Howe gave a lunch to Harker at the Dorchester, at which Charles and I were present. 
('Charles', 'Harker')  I had a discussion today with Charles and Harker about the future meeting with Hankey. 
('Charles', 'Harker')  Harker is to take over with Charles as his Deputy and myself as B. I am terribly sorry for D.S.S. 
('Charles', 'Harker')  is writing an long memo about our relations with Section V. Harker, Charles and Horrocks have seen it but I have not. 
('Ceylon', "U'ren")  Horrocks came to see me on various staff matters He said that there had been some suggestion that U'ren should go to the Far East instead of to Ceylon as it was thought that he might be a suitable successor to Bourne when the latter's term comes to an end, and that U'ren might be better groomed for Delhi in Singapore. 
('Ceylon', "U'ren")  It was decided to send U'ren to the Far East and to move him later, if necessary, to Delhi, or to Ceylon. 
('Ceylon', "U'ren")  He said that there had been some suggestion that U'ren should go to the Far East instead of to Ceylon as it was thought that he might be a suitable successor to Bourne when the latter's term comes to an end, and that U'ren might be better groomed for Delhi in Singapore. 
('Ceylon', "U'ren")  It was decided to send U'ren to the Far East and to move him later, if necessary, to Delhi, or to Ceylon. 
('Ceylon', "U'ren")  I had a long talk with U'ren about his visit to Pakistan, Ceylon and India. 
('Ceylon', 'India')  may take on Ceylon, Burma and India. 
('Ceylon', 'India')  to try and assess their commitments in the light of the new situation in India and Ceylon. 
('Ceylon', 'India')  I had a long talk with U'ren about his visit to Pakistan, Ceylon and India. 
('Ceylon', 'India')  One of the main problems which has occupied the Ceylon Special Branch, and which is not really a security one, has been the illegal immigration from India. 
('Ceylon', 'India')  There have been so many famines in Southern India that people have tried to get to Ceylon, where conditions are far better and wages are higher; this has created quite a problem. 
('Cecil', 'Dick')  Dick, TAR, Cecil and I had a meeting about the control of passengers arriving at Rineanna. 
('Cecil', 'Dick')  has not received an acknowledgement, Dick, Gwyer, Cecil and I had a meeting to discuss Gwyer's memorandum on Ireland. 
('Cecil', 'Dick')  Cecil, Dick, John Gwyer and I discussed John's paper on Ireland to which we have made several amendments. 
('Cecil', 'Dick')  Dick, Gwyer, Cecil and I had a meeting to discuss Gwyer's memorandum on Ireland. 
('Cecil', 'Dick')  Cecil, Dick, John Gwyer and I discussed John's paper on Ireland to which we have made several amendments. 
('Capt', 'I')  I went with him to a meeting of the Joint Security Council where I met Capt. 
('Capt', 'I')  I pointed out that at the moment we were without staff, Sir Francis Griffith being ill, Capt. 
('Capt', 'I')  I talked with him about the Liberty Restoration League, Hisuncle and Capt. 
('Capt', 'I')  145 Frost and I went to see Capt. 
('Capt', 'I')  I saw Capt. 
('Canadian', 'Col')  Col. Anderson, the new Canadian D.M.I. 
('Canadian', 'Col')  He had with him Lt Col. Raymont from Canadian H.Q. 
('Canadian', 'Col')  June 8th and I called on Col. Murray who is G.S.O.I to the Canadian D. M. I., in order to discuss Springbok's traffic. 
('Canadian', 'Col')  to see Col. Ralston, Canadian Minister of Defence. 
('Canadian', 'Col')  Lt. Col. Acland of Canadian M.I. 
('Cabinet Offices', 'I')  I attended the Cabinet Offices in case I should be wanted to answer any questions at the Chiefs of Staffs meeting on SIFE. 
('Cabinet Offices', 'I')  I reported all these facts to the DG who seemed pleased that I had asked for an official letter from the Cabinet Offices should be sent to us requesting that the enquiry should be made. 
('Cabinet Offices', 'I')  I went over to the Cabinet Offices, where I saw Murrie and Burgess, the Establishment officer in the Cabinet Offices. 
('Cabinet Offices', 'I')  I went over to the Cabinet Offices, where I saw Murrie and Burgess, the Establishment officer in the Cabinet Offices. 
('Cabinet Offices', 'I')  After this meeting I went on to another at the Cabinet Offices, where Sir Edward Bridges was trying to collect information about the Arandora Star from the various depts. 
('CRAUFURD', 'Hill')  I asked Hill about CRAUFURD. 
('CRAUFURD', 'Hill')  I talked to Hill about CRAUFURD. 
('CRAUFURD', 'Hill')  Hill said that he had been CRAUFURD once or twice, and that he had told him quite frankly that he was assisting Wolff Bros. in a matter affecting the release of some of their funds and that he had been paid 500 in 1 notes. 
('CRAUFURD', 'Hill')  Hill also had it in mind that CRAUFURD formerly had the intention of going to I.C.I. 
('CRAUFURD', 'Hill')  Hill said that he had no evidence to show that CRAUFURD had had anything to do with the files of the Wolff Brothers, nor had he questioned him about any individuals who had records in this office. 
('Butler', 'Harker')  at which Harker, Butler, Horrocks, Ede, Dick and myself were present. 
('Butler', 'Harker')  He thought that he, Harker and Butler ought to know more about what we were paying for. 
('Butler', 'Harker')  I mentioned the matter to Harker and Butler who both agree that there was much to be gained. 
('Butler', 'Harker')  Orr has written a memo on the position of Room 055 and Harker, Butler and Horrocks have produced another on its back history. 
('Butler', 'Harker')  smemo and told him that altho/ Harker, Butler and Horrocks had seen it I had not. 
('Butler', 'Cussen')  I have told all this to the D.G., who had previously approved of my seeing Cussen, and subsequently approved of the use or Dick Butler. 
('Butler', 'Cussen')  26th July Cussen and Dick Butler came to discuss the Stephens case with the D.G. 
('Butler', 'Cussen')  Meanwhile Cussen was going out at the weekend Butler has also ascertained that in cases of this kind a grant is often made on application to the J.A.G. 
('Butler', 'Cussen')  I have told all this to the D.G., who had previously approved of my seeing Cussen, and subsequently approved of the use of Dick Butler. 
('Butler', 'Cussen')  26th July Cussen and Dick Butler came to discuss the Stephens case with the D.G. 
('Burt', 'Hatherill')  I gathered that Hatherill had been suggested as his successor, although Burt thought that Tommy Thomson is fully qualified to do the job. 
('Burt', 'Hatherill')  I could not draw Burt on Hatherill. 
('Burt', 'Hatherill')  The meeting was at my request as I wanted to talk to Burt about his successor and considered what he told me regarding his own transfer, and that Hatherill will probably take his place. 
('Burt', 'Hatherill')  Burt said quite frankly that he doubted whether they could avoid giving Hatherill the job without his feeling that he had been passed over and that he himself would much prefer to see Thomson take over. 
('Burt', 'Hatherill')  There was also another snag, namely that if Hatherill were considered unsatisfactory they might decide to leave Burt where he was and put Hatherill in us Deputy Assistant Commissioner, C.I.D. 
('Burt', 'Dublin')  Burt telephoned to say that he had heard that Mossy SIMONS had been located in Dublin and he was arranging for his arrest and extradition on the grounds that he had conspired with others to escape. 
('Burt', 'Dublin')  It had been suggested the Burt should go to N. Ireland with Stephenson and then on to Dublin, where he would collaborate with the Garda. 
('Burt', 'Dublin')  Burt had previously been to Dublin and made certain contacts there in connection with another case. 
('Burt', 'Dublin')  I feel that while it was a good thing for Burt to go to N. Ireland it mightbe dangerous for him to go to Dublin in view of the fact that his connection with our office had been published in the press. 
('Burt', 'Dublin')  could obtain the necessary evidence from Dublin and they did not think it advisable that Burt should make the approach. 
('Bourne', "U'ren")  U'ren is to succeed Bourne. 
('Bourne', "U'ren")  Horrocks came to see me on various staff matters He said that there had been some suggestion that U'ren should go to the Far East instead of to Ceylon as it was thought that he might be a suitable successor to Bourne when the latter's term comes to an end, and that U'ren might be better groomed for Delhi in Singapore. 
('Bourne', "U'ren")  U'ren is to succeed Bourne. 
('Bourne', "U'ren")  He said that there had been some suggestion that U'ren should go to the Far East instead of to Ceylon as it was thought that he might be a suitable successor to Bourne when the latter's term comes to an end, and that U'ren might be better groomed for Delhi in Singapore. 
('Bourne', "U'ren")  U'ren is to succeed Bourne. 
('Bourne', 'Pakistan Times')  The letter should be shown by Bourne to Sanjevi and to our own High Commissioner, and a copy of it should be sent to the High Commissioner to Pakistan to show to Ahmed and, if he thought fit, to Liaqat Ali, who had sent for the editor of the Pakistan Times. 
('Bourne', 'Pakistan Times')  I discussed with Vickery the last letter I have had from Bourne about the incident of the Pakistan Times. 
('Bourne', 'Pakistan Times')  A telegram has come in from Bourne, drawing our attention to the publication in the Pakistan Times of September 4th of a facsimile of a letter,dated July 8th, written by "George" Jenkin to myself on the subject of our liaison with Pakistan. 
('Bourne', 'Pakistan Times')  The letter should be shown by Bourne to Sanjevi and to our own High Commissioner, and a copy of it should be sent to the High Commissioner to Pakistan to show to Ahmed and, if he thought fit, to Liaqat Ali, who had sent for the editor of the Pakistan Times. 
('Bourne', 'Pakistan Times')  I discussed with Vickery the last letter I have had from Bourne about the incident of the Pakistan Times. 
('Boucher', 'I')  I told Boucher that I knew somebody who could probably give me the answer, but that the position was rather delicate. 
('Boucher', 'I')  I sent to see val Boucher about Tim. 
('Boucher', 'I')  I had a talk afterwards with Val Boucher. 
('Boucher', 'I')  I told Boucher that I was convinced that the decision of the Irish Government to stop their Service representatives from attending Staff courses in this country had been reached purely on political grounds. 
('Boucher', 'I')  I forgot to mention that last Wednesday Val Boucher told me that representatives of the American First Army had arrived here entirely unheralded for a conference with War Office officials. 
('Boddington', 'Holmes')  I saw Holmes about a note that he has written suggestion some replacement for Boddington. 
('Boddington', 'Holmes')  The points put forward by Mr. Holmes were discussed and the Board agreed that a replacement for Major Boddington was necessary. 
('Boddington', 'Holmes')  Holmes came to talk to me about Boddington, who wants to visit us whenever we have a Police course. 
('Boddington', 'Holmes')  While I do not think there is any real harm in Boddington meeting Police Officers when they are up in London, I agree with Holmes that if they are to attend a course it shoul be a different one to that given to Police Officers The suggestion is that we might give one such course, including P.L.A. 
('Boddington', 'Holmes')  I told Holmes that I had decided to let Boddington come to the Police cocktail parties, as I thought it was important that we should not appear unfriendly or unhelpful in the eyes of the Admiralty. 
('Bobby', 'I')  I talked to Peter Hope and also to Bobby McKenzie about the future of our office. 
('Bobby', 'I')  Hope I think gets on extremely well with all his French opposite numbers and both Duff and Bobby find him useful. 
('Bobby', 'I')  I told Bobby that the question of our having representation abroad was more or less an open one but that at the moment it was difficult to say whether with advantage we could have anyone in Paris. 
('Bobby', 'I')  I told him that I did not much like Baudreuil, and that he had better watch his step in any relations with Bobby Mackenzie, as Baudreuil, knowing that Ruffer was an ex-member of M.I.5., would be almost certain to suspect that he was up to no good. 
('Bobby', 'I')  I saw Bobby Petherick today. 
('Blunt', 'REVAI')  -------------- Anthony Blunt came in to tell me that Andrew REVAI had had his naturalisation certificate turned down. 
('Blunt', 'REVAI')  He had refused to accept office here, either as head of the Hungarian Information Bureau or as Minister, possibly because he thought that in so doing he might compromise his position here vis a vis the British authorities (this view was rather reinforced by a statement by Blunt, to the effect that REVAI had been considerably worried at the possibility that if he were to go abroad he might find himself 'gated' on his return); in other words, he had hoped to get the best of both worlds, but, rather tardily, saw the dangers of getting the worst, ie. 
('Blunt', 'REVAI')  Blunt told me that, as far as he could recollect, it was about this time that REVAI and BURGESS had had a row on a purely personal issue. 
('Blunt', 'REVAI')  I suggested to Blunt that the motive might have been somewhat more sinister since it was about this time that REVAI seemed to have made up his mind that he would not be acceptable to the Hungarian Government. 
('Blunt', 'REVAI')  Although Blunt thought that the personal motive was the more likely, he did not seem to rule out the other theory and he was evidently very shaken by the fact that BURGESS had denounced REVAI on two occasions (the first occasion on 31st January, 1948, and the second on February 20th, 1948). 
('Bertram', 'I')  I dined with Bertram Ede. 
('Bertram', 'I')  I had a talk with Bertram Ede. 
('Bertram', 'I')  Dick, Bertram, Clayton, Courtenay, James Robertson and I had a discussion on the liquidation of O.C. 
('Bertram', 'I')  I told Bertram about the F.O. 
('Bertram', 'I')  I saw Bertram Mills' son today. 
('Berlin', 'Madrid')  Monty arrived on the 26th May, 1944, and a telegram was sent from Madrid to Berlin on the 28th May, reporting his arrival. 
('Berlin', 'Madrid')  Later we saw their contents being transmitted on the ISOS from Madrid to Berlin. 
('Berlin', 'Madrid')  It seems that we have succeeded in cracking the German naval cyphers between Berlin and Tokio and Berlin and Madrid. 
('Berlin', 'Madrid')  Unreliable information said come from an agent in England is being passed by Madrid to Berlin. 
('Berlin', 'Madrid')  at Berlin informed Madrid that they were to discover the address of a firm of oriental carpet dealers E. PEREZ Sc Co. 
('Berlin', 'ISOS')  We feel satisfied, therefore, that in this instance he was lying, and are confirmed in this view by the fact that there was no ISOS message to Berlin giving details of the invasion plan. 
('Berlin', 'ISOS')  We feel satisfied, therefore, that in this Instance he was lying, and are confirmed in this view by the fact that there was no ISOS message to Berlin giving details of the invasion plan. 
('Berlin', 'ISOS')  We feel satisfied, therefore, that in this instance he was lying, and are confirmed in this view by the fact that there was no ISOS message to Berlin giving details of the invasion plan. 
('Berlin', 'ISOS')  Later we saw their contents being transmitted on the ISOS from Madrid to Berlin. 
('Berlin', 'ISOS')  ISOS indicates that on the 28th Berlin knen something about the Catalina which came down in the sea near Cadiz on the 24th. 
('Bellenger', 'I')  At his request I went over to see Bellenger, Secretary of State for War. 
('Bellenger', 'I')  In view, however, of the fact that Bellenger had had a letter from the P.M., which he read out to me, I felt that I was quite authorised to go ahead. 
('Bellenger', 'I')  I saw Bellenger again. 
('Bellenger', 'I')  I think the information was perhaps a slight shock to Bellenger, although he knew, of course, that BING was strongly left in his tendencies. 
('Bellenger', 'I')  told him about the summons that I had had from Mr. Bellenger, and that, in view of the letter from the P.M., I had thought fit to go ahead and give him the information that he required. 
('Belgian', 'Holland')  On Jan. 8th Halifax told the Belgian Minister that we had certain information from Italian and other secret sources that the project for the invasion of Holland and Belgium had not been abandoned and might take place in Feb. 
('Belgian', 'Holland')  reports: On March 7th the Germans were trying to obtain guarantees of Belgian neutrality in the event of an invasion of Holland. 
('Belgian', 'Holland')  The only people to be evacuated to certain other areas in Holland are those who are in the vicinity of the main line of defence from the Zuyder Zee down south to the Belgian frontier. 
('Belgian', 'Holland')  Feeling in Holland and Belgium is very strongly anti-German, Van Oorschott is of opinion that if an attack is launched through Maastrecht, the Dutch will fight and fall back on the Belgian positions, which are very strong. 
('Belgian', 'Holland')  Equally there does not seem to be any definite arrangement to cover the eventuality of Holland being attacked Belgian neutrality. 
('BURGESS', 'ROHAN')  BURGESS said that he could not possibly have said anything of the kind to the Princess de ROHAN or Mrs. OLIVER, as in fact he did not know until I told him that Mills [redacted]. 
('BURGESS', 'ROHAN')  From what he said, I do not think that BURGESS regarded the Princess de ROHAN as being wholly outside the family, in view of the fact that she had been in charge of Swiss affairs at the M. of I. during the war. 
('BURGESS', 'ROHAN')  When I talked to BURGESS about [redacted] incident, he said he remembered the discussion well: it had started by the Princess de ROHAN saying to him that she knew [redacted] to be mutual friend, what an excellent he was, and what splendid work he had done for the Allies during the war, and for her in particular. 
('BURGESS', 'ROHAN')  As was subsequently learned from Princess de ROHAN, BURGESS spent an evening with her and Mrs. OLIVER in their room, where he got very drunk at their. 
('BURGESS', 'ROHAN')  Before leaving for Tangier, BURGESS rang up Mills and said he was not really sure about de ROHAN or Mrs. OLIVER and that they might, in fact, be up to anything. 
('BURGESS', 'REVAI')  I drew Blunt's attention to the fact that towards the end of January and again in February, 1948, BURGESS had denounced REVAI, the inference being that, realising that BURGESS was very close to Hector McNeil, REVAI was trying to pump him for information. 
('BURGESS', 'REVAI')  BURGESS had therefore more or less severed his relations with REVAI. 
('BURGESS', 'REVAI')  Blunt told me that, as far as he could recollect, it was about this time that REVAI and BURGESS had had a row on a purely personal issue. 
('BURGESS', 'REVAI')  It seemed even possible that REVAI knew more about BURGESS' activities than we might think and that BURGESS, fearing his own betrayal by REVAI, thought it wise to get in first. 
('BURGESS', 'REVAI')  Although Blunt thought that the personal motive was the more likely, he did not seem to rule out the other theory and he was evidently very shaken by the fact that BURGESS had denounced REVAI on two occasions (the first occasion on 31st January, 1948, and the second on February 20th, 1948). 
('Austria', 'I')  I said I thought that we ought to make an approach in the proper quarter, both to the British one in Germany and Austria. 
('Austria', 'I')  I saw JACK, who is leaving in the course of the next few days for Austria on his new venture. 
('Austria', 'I')  I saw JACK, who is leaving in the course of the next few days for Austria on his new venture. 
('Austria', 'I')  I saw JACK, who is leaving in the course of the next few days for Austria on his new venture. 
('Austria', 'I')  I asked that whatever the outcome of his enquiry, an officer should be appointed in Germany and, if possible, in Austria, who would be entirely responsible for all the nuts and bolts of defector work; such officers to be placed in direct touch with our representative carrying out this work here. 
('Australian', 'I')  He is going to America and returning here at the end of September, I asked him how Australian Security was now organised. 
('Australian', 'I')  I said that in view of the unsatisfactory state of Australian Security, I rather doubted whether it was possible to make much headway until the Australian authorities had put their house in order. 
('Australian', 'I')  I saw Helsby and took him a draft letter to Trunan embodying the information received from Hollis about the progress of Australian security. 
('Australian', 'I')  In connection with this matter, I asked if we had copies in this office of the South African and Australian Bills to proscribe the Communist Party. 
('Australian', 'I')  Burt telephoned to ask me whether I would see a who was an Australian officer working under Colonel Spry. 
('Attlee', 'Greenwood')  a meeting called by Attlee and Greenwood. 
('Attlee', 'Greenwood')  Greenwood and Attlee were pressing for some action to be taken against the B.U.F. 
('Attlee', 'Greenwood')  Anderson and Maxwell were rather annoyed at his outburst but Greenwood and Attlee were evidently very eager to hear what he had to say. 
('Attlee', 'Greenwood')  Others present were Attlee, Greenwood, Hankey, D.M.I. 
('Attlee', 'Greenwood')  Attlee and Greenwood gave me the impression that they thought there was some political intrigue or graft in the H.O. 
('Atlantic', 'Portugal')  Hollis tells me that we have now been charged with a mission to examine, on behalf of the Atlantic Pact Powers, the security of Italy, Portugal, Denmark, Norway and Iceland. 
('Atlantic', 'Portugal')  rang up about the vetting of Security Services in Italy, Portugal, Denmark and Norway, which we have under taken under the Atlantic Pact. 
('Atlantic', 'Portugal')  Roger Hollis said we have heard from Washington that Portugal and Italy have agreed to the security check under the Atlantic Pact, and are anxious that it should be carried out as soon as possible. 
('Atlantic', 'Portugal')  The questions of Mr. Haldane Porter's mission to Persia and of Mr. Irvine's security checks in Italy and Portugal on behalf of the Atlantic Treaty, were touched upon. 
('Atlantic', 'Portugal')  He said that it now rested with the members of the Atlantic Treaty to decide what should be done to rectify the position in Portugal. 
('Atlantic', 'Italy')  Hollis tells me that we have now been charged with a mission to examine, on behalf of the Atlantic Pact Powers, the security of Italy, Portugal, Denmark, Norway and Iceland. 
('Atlantic', 'Italy')  rang up about the vetting of Security Services in Italy, Portugal, Denmark and Norway, which we have under taken under the Atlantic Pact. 
('Atlantic', 'Italy')  Roger Hollis said we have heard from Washington that Portugal and Italy have agreed to the security check under the Atlantic Pact, and are anxious that it should be carried out as soon as possible. 
('Atlantic', 'Italy')  Irvine is off to Italy to-morrow to look into the security position under the Atlantic Treaty Cosmic system. 
('Atlantic', 'Italy')  The questions of Mr. Haldane Porter's mission to Persia and of Mr. Irvine's security checks in Italy and Portugal on behalf of the Atlantic Treaty, were touched upon. 
('Archer', 'Harry')  Had a meeting with Harry Allen, Tar, Jo Archer and Lee on the question of German scientists. 
('Archer', 'Harry')  I had a discussion today with Harry, Dick, T.A.R., Archer and Miss Clay. 
('Archer', 'Harry')  I talked to Harry Allen and Archer about A.L.Os. 
('Archer', 'Harry')  Harry, Roger, Jo Archer,FJ. 
('Archer', 'Harry')  I described to them more or less the basic functions of the office and they subsequently had talks with Harry Allen, Jo Archer, Hollis and Dick/ 11th February. 
('Arabs', 'I')  As far as I can understand we are to sit on the fence, say that neither the majority report nor the minority report were wholly acceptable and that unless something could be thrashed out which would meet with the approval of the majority of Jews and Arabs, we did not intend to continue holding the baby-at any rate by ourselves. 
('Arabs', 'I')  As far as I can understand we are to sit on the fence, say that neither the majority report nor the minority report were wholly acceptable and that unless something could be thrashed out which would meet with the approval of the majority of Jews and Arabs, we did not intend to continue houding the baby-at 58 any rate by ourselves. 
('Arabs', 'I')  I said I thought that this might be unwise, since if by any chance it became possible for the Arabs to say that the British Government were reporting on their activities to the Jews, the Foreign Office would be seriously embarrassed, particularly at a moment like this when we were trying to bring the Arabs into Western Union defence schemes. 
('Arabs', 'I')  Forestal feared that the United States would lost the friendship, not only of the Arabs but of the whole Moslem world with its 400M people, He said: "I would be derelict in my duty if I did not point out what I thought were the consequences of any particular policy which would endanger the security of this country. 
('Arabs', 'I')  They were formed to deal with the Arabs but I suppose that S.U.L. 
('Anthony', 'Dick')  Anthony tells me that the Control Commission have done nothing about Padgham although they had a letter which I sent out to Dick for the DG's signature when he was in Germany, advancing Padgham's claim for some form of employment in military government. 
('Anthony', 'Dick')  Dick, Curry, Anthony and I discussed the case of Padgham. 
('Anthony', 'Dick')  I suggested that Dick and Anthony should put all the facts to Vansi ttart and get his backing for our point of view, Since Van's advice carried great weight with Padgham. 
('Anthony', 'Dick')  I had a further discussion about Tommy HARRIS with Dick and Anthony Simkins. 
('Anthony', 'Dick')  After consultation with Dick, I rang Anthony and confirmed the above view. 
('Anderson', 'I')  In the afternoon I saw Col. Anderson the new DMI and Col. Acland who is now leaving. 
('Anderson', 'I')  I then lunched with Col. Anderson. 
('Anderson', 'I')  We went over much of the ground that I had gone over with Col. Anderson in Ottawa. 
('Anderson', 'I')  -------------- Ronnie Howe and I went to see Sir John Anderson, now Chairman of P.L.A. 
('Anderson', 'I')  I lunched with Wood and Anderson of the Dept. 
('Anderson', 'Col')  In the afternoon I saw Col. Anderson the new DMI and Col. Acland who is now leaving. 
('Anderson', 'Col')  I then lunched with Col. Anderson. 
('Anderson', 'Col')  Col. Anderson, the new Canadian D.M.I. 
('Anderson', 'Col')  We went over much of the ground that I had gone over with Col. Anderson in Ottawa. 
('Anderson', 'Col')  The point which Col. Anderson has to decide is whether it is desirable to set up an organisation on somewhat similar lines to M.I.5 in Canada or whether he should concentrate on getting the RCMP built up in such a way as to enable them to look after not only civil but service security. 
('Ambassador', 'Paris')  A woman named Anita de POMBO @ Ana Caller de CAPURRO, a Uruguyan, arrived here with a certain Joan CAMPBELL, said to be a connection of Sir Ronald Campbell, formerly our Ambassador in Paris. 
('Ambassador', 'Paris')  The Foreign Office, however, thought that before anything was done an approach should be made to our Ambassador in Paris, to seek his advice on the channels through which we should put our request to the French Government. 
('Ambassador', 'Paris')  Holma, the Finnish Ambassador in Paris, reports that Tanner, Finnish Foreign Minister, is wavering. 
('Ambassador', 'Paris')  The Polish Ambassador in Paris takes the view that the documents recently published by the Germans which purport to show that the Americans were urging the Poles to fight are probably authentic. 
('Ambassador', 'Paris')  When he was Ambassador in Paris he had been deeply conscious of the unreality of Anglo-French relations and at the efforts being made by the Comite des Forges to develop relations with Germany. 
('Alley', 'Dick')  I had a talk with Dick and Alley about the Poles. 
('Alley', 'Dick')  I had a long talk with Dick and Alley about Poles. 
('Alley', 'Dick')  Adam, Dick, Alley, F-J and I had a talk about arrangements to vet the personnel of Anders's Army. 
('Alley', 'Dick')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('Alley', 'Dick')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('Alley', 'Corin')  Corin and Alley came in to tell me that Col. Eindhoven wanted to send 4 or 5 of his officers for attachment here for a longish period. 
('Alley', 'Corin')  Alley, Rhodes and Corin came to talk to me about Eindhoven. 
('Alley', 'Corin')  I talked to Alley and Corin about Eindhoven's officers' visit to which the DG has now agreed. 
('Alley', 'Corin')  Alley, Corin, Vivian and I lunched with the Dutch. 
('Alley', 'Corin')  Apparently Moyland was very keen that I should go with Alley and Corin and help to smooth over difficulties between Col. Eindhoven and van Angeren. 
('Aliens Register', 'I')  I felt that we were rather closing the door of the Home office and that if we could get them to mechanise Post Report there was a possibility of extending the scheme to the whole of the Aliens Register. 
('Aliens Register', 'I')  I had a discussion with Potter about the mechanisation of Post Report and the Aliens Register. 
('Aliens Register', 'I')  to-day I raised again the question of the mechanisation of Post Report and the Central Aliens Register. 
('Aliens Register', 'I')  I told the Committee that as it stood to-day the Aliens Register was purely alphabetical, and that as far as I knew there was no way of ascertaining what Hungarians or other nationalities were in this country, except by sending a circular letter to all chief Constables. 
('Aliens Register', 'I')  I saw Jones, Lodge and Weiler from the Home Office Aliens Branch, on the question of the mechanisation of Post Report and the Central Aliens Register. 
('Alexander', 'I')  I saw Sir Alexander Grantham, the new Governor of Hong Kong, with the D.G., and talked to him out our representation in the colony. 
('Alexander', 'I')  I saw Sir Alexander Maxwell to-day. 
('Alexander', 'I')  I saw Sir Alexander Grantham, the new Governor of Hong Kong, with the D.G., and talked to him out our representation in the colony. 
('Alexander', 'I')  I saw Sir Alexander Maxwell to-day. 
('Alexander', 'I')  Sir Edward Travis, Alexander of G.C.H.Q., Dick, Roger, Skardon and I discussed the FUCHS case from the technical angle. 
('Alec', 'Dick')  He saw Harry, Dick, Alec and Roger and I think felt that his visit had been profitable. 
('Alec', 'Dick')  I had a meeting with Charles, Dick, Alec and others in preparation for the subsequent one at the War Office on our military ceiling. 
('Alec', 'Dick')  I learned on arrival that Dick had to leave for the Middle East as Alec Kellar has had to go to hospital. 
('Alec', 'Dick')  I learned on arrival that Dick has had to leave for the Middle East as Alec Kellar has had to go to hospital. 
('Alec', 'Dick')  I had a long discussion with Dick and Alec about overseas matters. 
('Admiral', 'Hill')  I saw Admiral Thomson and Hill. 
('Admiral', 'Hill')  I saw Admiral Thomson and Hill. 
('Admiral', 'Hill')  I saw Admiral Thomson and Hill. 
('Admiral', 'Hill')  said that during Operation TRIDENT, when Aduniral Hill mentioned co-operation with the United States applause was general, with the noted exception of Admiral Inglis!. 
('Admiral', 'Hill')  Hill had a letter from Admiral Thomson regarding an approach by one, Jenkins, of the "Evening Standard" with an official request to interview Ewan MONTAGU in relation to Duff Cooper's book. 
('Stalin', 'Warsaw')  This proposal came almost immediately after a visit by ZILLIACUS to Warsaw and Moscow, where he had an inter- view with Stalin. 
('Stalin', 'Warsaw')  The furtherance of this movement has been a suggestion from Warsaw that a Left Wing Socialist International should be formed, which would be known as SOCINFORM This proposal came almost immediately after  visit by ZILLIACUS to Warsaw and Moscow, where he had an inter- view with Stalin. 
('Stalin', 'Warsaw')  This proposal came almost immediately after a visit by ZILLIACUS to Warsaw and Moscow, where he had an inter- view with Stalin. 
('Stalin', 'Warsaw')  Through an American journalist, Kingsbury Smith, who posed certain questions, Stalin has now offered to meet Truman wither in Warsaw or Prague, Dean Acheson has handled the situation well and has pointed out that in all the matters in which Stalin has offered co-operation, the Soviet hade shown themselves to be intransigent, and that the machinery is already existence by which quadri-partite discussion can take place. 
('Spain', 'Spanish')  The matter originated through Eggs who learned from MUNOZ, the Spanish MA, that Armas, a fruit merchant, wished to get funds from this country to Spain. 
('Spain', 'Spanish')  This man was in Spain at the time and believing Dudley - Clarke to be an important agent who was ready to assist the Germans, intervened with the Spanish police. 
('Spain', 'Spanish')  The Spanish authorities have been facilitating and collaborating wholeheartedly with the German espionage organisation in Spain particularly as re- gards setting up of elaborate technical devices for maintaining a 24-hour watch on British shipping passing through the Straits, There is further evidence to show that they are now withholding the necessary permission for the organisation to start operating. 
('Spain', 'Spanish')  June 30th Another letter has turned up on the Spanish Embassy check, this time from a George STENFORTH, electrical engineer, say ing he wishes to see someone on a matter important to Spain. 
('Socialist', 'Warsaw')  The furtherance of this movement has been a suggestion from Warsaw that a Left Wing Socialist International should be formed, which would be known as SOCINFORM. 
('Socialist', 'Warsaw')  In Western Europe it seems to be Moscow's policy to split the Socialist Parties: this they have already done in Italy with some success; since the Left Wing Socialist Party, under Nenni, vote regularly with the Communists There has been talk in Warsaw, according to an article in the Times, of the formation of a Left Wing International. 
('Socialist', 'Warsaw')  The furtherance of this movement has been a suggestion from Warsaw that a Left Wing Socialist International should be formed, which would be known as SOCINFORM This proposal came almost immediately after  visit by ZILLIACUS to Warsaw and Moscow, where he had an inter- view with Stalin. 
('Socialist', 'Warsaw')  The furtherance of this movement has been a suggestion from Warsaw that a Left Wing Socialist International 115 should be formed, which would be known as SOCINFORM. 
('Skardon', 'Spooner')  Harker is having another try to get promotion for Burty, Spooner and Skardon. 
('Skardon', 'Spooner')  He told me that both Skardon and Spooner were anxious to join the Control Commission when they have finished their present job. 
('Skardon', 'Spooner')  I told Burt that his promotion to Lt.-Col. Find the promotions or Spooner and Skardon to Major had been approved by the Military Secretary. 
('Skardon', 'Spooner')  After speaking to Burt, it seemed that Spooner and Skardon would probably be able to handle any case if it arose. 
('Simkins', 'Tommy')  I had a long discussion with Simkins about Tommy HARRIS. 
('Simkins', 'Tommy')  I had a further discussion about Tommy HARRIS with Dick and Anthony Simkins. 
('Simkins', 'Tommy')  Simkins came to talk to me about the telephone warrant which has apparently been running on Tommy HARRIS for some time. 
('Simkins', 'Tommy')  I had a talk with Simkins and told him that I should be dining with Tommy. 
('Register', 'Report')  I felt that we were rather closing the door of the Home office and that if we could get them to mechanise Post Report there was a possibility of extending the scheme to the whole of the Aliens Register. 
('Register', 'Report')  I had a discussion with Potter about the mechanisation of Post Report and the Aliens Register. 
('Register', 'Report')  to-day I raised again the question of the mechanisation of Post Report and the Central Aliens Register. 
('Register', 'Report')  I saw Jones, Lodge and Weiler from the Home Office Aliens Branch, on the question of the mechanisation of Post Report and the Central Aliens Register. 
('Prague', 'Warsaw')  Sharkey says that he has two important stories to tell, one relating to a German fund in dollars which is being used to set up a factory in Germany for the manufacture of secret weapons, and the other relates to a Russian espionage network with lines into this country and European bases in Warsaw, Paris, and Prague. 
('Prague', 'Warsaw')  Sharkey says that he has two important stories to tell, one relating to a German fund in dollars which is being used to set up a factory in Germany for the manufacture of secret weapons, and the other relates to a Russian espionage network with lines into this country and European bases in Warsaw, Paris, and Prague. 
('Prague', 'Warsaw')  Sharkey says that he has two important stories to tell, 123 one relating to a German fund in dollars which is being used to set up a factory in Germany for the manufacture of secret weapons, and the other relates to a Russian espionage network with lines into this country and European bases in Warsaw, Paris, and Prague. 
('Prague', 'Warsaw')  Through an American journalist, Kingsbury Smith, who posed certain questions, Stalin has now offered to meet Truman wither in Warsaw or Prague, Dean Acheson has handled the situation well and has pointed out that in all the matters in which Stalin has offered co-operation, the Soviet hade shown themselves to be intransigent, and that the machinery is already existence by which quadri-partite discussion can take place. 
('Polish', 'Warsaw')  The Germans were able to listen in to the internal wireless traffic of agents operating in Poland through the Warsaw rising of 1944 From this the dispositions of the Polish liberation troops as well as friction between them and the Russians could be established. 
('Polish', 'Warsaw')  Scott is getting out a report on Right Wing Polish activities here, in case any questions are asked in connection with the allegations made against Cavendish-Bentinck in Warsaw. 
('Polish', 'Warsaw')  He clearly' knows a lot about its workings in Warsaw and here and also about the workings of Polish Military Intelligence. 
('Polish', 'Warsaw')  (i) that from telegrams he sent from Paris to Warsaw, he is certain that the Polish Intelligence in France have an agent at a high level on the French General Staff, who appears to be in contact with the Americans at Fontainebleau and who has given Polish Intelligence the entire. 
('Poland', 'Polish')  The Germans were able to listen in to the internal wireless traffic of agents operating in Poland through the Warsaw rising of 1944 From this the dispositions of the Polish liberation troops as well as friction between them and the Russians could be established. 
('Poland', 'Polish')  I then talked to him about the case of Joel CANG, the Polish journalist who represents the Times, Observer and Manchester Guardian in Poland. 
('Poland', 'Polish')  On 17.9.39 according to a despatch from Mos- cow, the Polish Ambassador was sent for by Potemkin and told about the proposed invasion of Poland. 
('Poland', 'Polish')  We are also to be supplied with 270 Polish airmen and mechanics who form the equivalent in Poland of Imperial Airways. 
('Poland', 'Poles')  In fact, the Poles are really preparing for a future war against Russia by the Western Powers, when they hope to get back the whole of Eastern Poland. 
('Poland', 'Poles')  The following is a resume of special material up to about midday on August 27th: It seems that Hitler's demands are that the Poles should accept before negotiations are reopened the cession of Danzig, and a road through the Corridor, and that Britain should annul her guarantee to Poland. 
('Poland', 'Poles')  If therefore this pact were signed before Germany committed an act of aggression against Poland, Clause 4 of the German-Soviet Pact would be inoperative and Russia would be at liberty to render assistance to ourselves, the Poles or the French. 
('Poland', 'Poles')  It seemed to the Poles that the view of the British was that immediate help to the Poles was not of great practical value, that the war might last three years, when Poland would reap the benefit of victory. 
('Perrin', 'Roger')  -------------- Dick and I attended a meeting in Roger Makins' room at the Foreign Office, at which Perrin was present, to discuss a point made by Portal. 
('Perrin', 'Roger')  Dick had a meeting at 10.45 with Roger Makins and Perrin to discuss replies to Washington telegrams. 
('Perrin', 'Roger')  I have arranged a meeting with Roger Makins and Perrin. 
('Perrin', 'Roger')  -------------- We attended a meeting in Sir Roger Makins' room, at which Perrin and Philip Allen were present. 
('Peace Congress', 'World Peace')  If this money is for the World Peace Congress the prosecution of GREY might be valuable from the propaganda point of view. 
('Peace Congress', 'World Peace')  Since the money in possession of GRAY was not for the purpose of financing the World Peace Congress, a prosecution would lose something of its propaganda value. 
('Peace Congress', 'World Peace')  Reilly mentioned the World Peace Congress, scheduled to be held in London on November 13th. 
('Peace Congress', 'World Peace')  -------------- The Cabinet have now completely reversed their policy about the World Peace Congress, to be held here on November 13th. 
('Peace Conference', 'World Peace')  Dick went on to say that the Daily Worker of 15.5.50 gave plans for a World Peace Conference to be held on May 31st, to which many delegates from abroad will obviously be coming. 
('Peace Conference', 'World Peace')  This had arisen in connection with the World Peace Conference, which is to take place next week. 
('Peace Conference', 'World Peace')  He said it was unlikely that a policy decision would be reached before the World Peace Conference takes place. 
('Peace Conference', 'World Peace')  -------------- There is to be a World Peace Conference in London in November, with a large attendance from abroad. 
('Paris', 'Warsaw')  Sharkey says that he has two important stories to tell, one relating to a German fund in dollars which is being used to set up a factory in Germany for the manufacture of secret weapons, and the other relates to a Russian espionage network with lines into this country and European bases in Warsaw, Paris, and Prague. 
('Paris', 'Warsaw')  Sharkey says that he has two important stories to tell, one relating to a German fund in dollars which is being used to set up a factory in Germany for the manufacture of secret weapons, and the other relates to a Russian espionage network with lines into this country and European bases in Warsaw, Paris, and Prague. 
('Paris', 'Warsaw')  Sharkey says that he has two important stories to tell, 123 one relating to a German fund in dollars which is being used to set up a factory in Germany for the manufacture of secret weapons, and the other relates to a Russian espionage network with lines into this country and European bases in Warsaw, Paris, and Prague. 
('Paris', 'Warsaw')  (i) that from telegrams he sent from Paris to Warsaw, he is certain that the Polish Intelligence in France have an agent at a high level on the French General Staff, who appears to be in contact with the Americans at Fontainebleau and who has given Polish Intelligence the entire. 
('Paris', 'Prague')  Sharkey says that he has two important stories to tell, one relating to a German fund in dollars which is being used to set up a factory in Germany for the manufacture of secret weapons, and the other relates to a Russian espionage network with lines into this country and European bases in Warsaw, Paris, and Prague. 
('Paris', 'Prague')  Sharkey says that he has two important stories to tell, one relating to a German fund in dollars which is being used to set up a factory in Germany for the manufacture of secret weapons, and the other relates to a Russian espionage network with lines into this country and European bases in Warsaw, Paris, and Prague. 
('Paris', 'Prague')  Sharkey says that he has two important stories to tell, 123 one relating to a German fund in dollars which is being used to set up a factory in Germany for the manufacture of secret weapons, and the other relates to a Russian espionage network with lines into this country and European bases in Warsaw, Paris, and Prague. 
('Paris', 'Prague')  During the last three months there had been some increased activity by South American nationals, most of whom were merely passing through Paris on their way to conferences in Prague and elsewhere. 
('Pakistan', 'Sanjevi')  The letter should be shown by Bourne to Sanjevi and to our own High Commissioner, and a copy of it should be sent to the High Commissioner to Pakistan to show to Ahmed and, if he thought fit, to Liaqat Ali, who had sent for the editor of the Pakistan Times. 
('Pakistan', 'Sanjevi')  He agreed that there was no point in going further with Sanjevi, but that if the High Commissioner for Pakistan could find out tactfully what the effect had been on Ahmed and our future liaison it would be useful. 
('Pakistan', 'Sanjevi')  The letter should be shown by Bourne to Sanjevi and to our own High Commissioner, and a copy of it should be sent to the High Commissioner to Pakistan to show to Ahmed and, if he thought fit, to Liaqat Ali, who had sent for the editor of the Pakistan Times. 
('Pakistan', 'Sanjevi')  He agreed that there was no point in going further with Sanjevi, but that if the High Commissioner for Pakistan could find out tactfully what the effect had been on Ahmed and our future liaison it would be useful. 
('Norway', 'Norwegian')  One named and the other The former was here during the war and is now head of Intelligence in Norway, and the latter is in business here but acts as an agent for in the interrogation of Masters of Norwegian ships returning from visits to ports behind the iron curtain. 
('Norway', 'Norwegian')  seems to have made some kind of approach to Norway about the possible necessity of occupying Norwegian ports in case the Russians or Germans attempt to get a footing on the Atlantic. 
('Norway', 'Norwegian')  At 9.15 p.m. on the 3rd March the Swedish and Norwegian Ministers learned that a formal request had been made on the 2nd March that the British and French should be allowed to march through Norway and Sweden. 
('Norway', 'Norwegian')  A Norwegian called BERG who has escaped from Norway and arrived in this country, has reported that there is a man called BERKELUND in Stockholm who purports to be an escaped Norwegian but who is strongly suspected by genuine escapees to be an agent of the Germans spying on them. 
('Newsam', 'Portsmouth')  Newsam rang, up to know whether we had any information about the sabotage case in Portsmouth. 
('Newsam', 'Portsmouth')  Newsam rang me up about the sabotage case at Portsmouth. 
('Newsam', 'Portsmouth')  I went over to see Newsam to tell him about the Portsmouth explosion. 
('Newsam', 'Portsmouth')  I told Newsam about the alleged sabotage case at Portsmouth. 
('Moscow', 'Warsaw')  He told me about a Pole called Ignace ZLOTOWSKY who was a physicist and was travelling on the Queen Mary apparently in transit to Warsaw and may be to Moscow. 
('Moscow', 'Warsaw')  This proposal came almost immediately after a visit by ZILLIACUS to Warsaw and Moscow, where he had an inter- view with Stalin. 
('Moscow', 'Warsaw')  The furtherance of this movement has been a suggestion from Warsaw that a Left Wing Socialist International should be formed, which would be known as SOCINFORM This proposal came almost immediately after  visit by ZILLIACUS to Warsaw and Moscow, where he had an inter- view with Stalin. 
('Moscow', 'Warsaw')  This proposal came almost immediately after a visit by ZILLIACUS to Warsaw and Moscow, where he had an inter- view with Stalin. 
('Montreal', 'Vancouver')  In addition to visiting Montreal and Ottawa, he has been to Toronto and Vancouver, and he made con- tact with a good many of his former police friends, all of whom had proved. 
('Montreal', 'Vancouver')  In addition to visiting Montreal and Ottawa, he has been to Toronto and Vancouver, and he made con- tact with a good many of his former police friends, all of whom had proved extremely co-operative. 
('Montreal', 'Vancouver')  In addition to visting Montreal and Ottawa, he has been to Toronto and Vancouver, and he made con- tact with a good many of his former police friends, all of whom had proved extremely Co-operative. 
('Montreal', 'Vancouver')  He is going to New Orleans, Washington, New York and Montreal en route for Vancouver. 
('Ministers', 'Secretaries')  I told the D.G, that I thought we had to be a little careful in matters of this kind not to incur the displeasure of Permanent Under Secretaries of State or other Ministers. 
('Ministers', 'Secretaries')  should bring to the notice of Bridges the question of P.As and secretaries brought in by Ministers and Parliamentary Under Secretaries. 
('Ministers', 'Secretaries')  While Bridges saw the danger of Ministers and Permanent Under Secretaries bringing in P.As who were onstensibly concerned only with their Parliamentary duties, he did not feel that at the moment we could do anything about having them vetted. 
('Ministers', 'Secretaries')  Meanwhile John Anderson was holding a conference with Cabinet Ministers, Under Secretaries of State etc, presumably about the re-shuffle in the Cabinet. 
('Mills', 'Tangier')  I saw Mills to-day and asked him to give me a brief account of his association with Guy BURGESS, when the latter visited Gibraltar and Tangier in November last. 
('Mills', 'Tangier')  Before leaving for Tangier, BURGESS rang up Mills and said he was not really sure about de ROHAN or Mrs. OLIVER and that they might, in fact, be up to anything. 
('Mills', 'Tangier')  Ten days later, when Mills was in Tangier, he met BURGESS at a hotel where he was having a drink with one of his contacts. 
('Mills', 'Tangier')  It was in Tangier that Mills first met Princess de ROHAN. 
('Mills', 'Princess')  I told him that, according to our information, he had intimated both to the Princess de ROHAN and Mrs. OLIVER that Mills was not only Defence Security Officer [redacted]. 
('Mills', 'Princess')  BURGESS said that he could not possibly have said anything of the kind to the Princess de ROHAN or Mrs. OLIVER, as in fact he did not know until I told him that Mills [redacted]. 
('Mills', 'Princess')  He told them that he had met Princess de ROHAN and Mrs. OLIVER at the Rock Hotel, that they were extremely nice people and he hoped that Mills would look after them. 
('Mills', 'Princess')  It was in Tangier that Mills first met Princess de ROHAN. 
('Mills', 'OLIVER')  I told him that, according to our information, he had intimated both to the Princess de ROHAN and Mrs. OLIVER that Mills was not only Defence Security Officer [redacted]. 
('Mills', 'OLIVER')  BURGESS said that he could not possibly have said anything of the kind to the Princess de ROHAN or Mrs. OLIVER, as in fact he did not know until I told him that Mills [redacted]. 
('Mills', 'OLIVER')  He told them that he had met Princess de ROHAN and Mrs. OLIVER at the Rock Hotel, that they were extremely nice people and he hoped that Mills would look after them. 
('Mills', 'OLIVER')  Before leaving for Tangier, BURGESS rang up Mills and said he was not really sure about de ROHAN or Mrs. OLIVER and that they might, in fact, be up to anything. 
('Maude', 'RIZZA')  Maude has gone to Inverness to look into the case of RIZZA. 
('Maude', 'RIZZA')  Maude has returned from Inverness and has done a first-class piece of work, in the case of RIZZA. 
('Maude', 'RIZZA')  Maude has received a letter from his friend RIZZA who intimates that he is hoping to get some good snaps of British warships, which are leaving the area today. 
('Maude', 'RIZZA')  Maude is taking steps to prepare the necessary documents for the internment of RIZZA under 18b. 
('Marriott', 'Robertson')  Skardon gave an account of his interview with FUCHS to the D.G., Dick, Marriott, Robertson and myself. 
('Marriott', 'Robertson')  I asked John Marriott and Robertson about G. Circulars. 
('Marriott', 'Robertson')  After giving the Home Secretary a brief outline of our organisation, Dick White took him over and introduced him to Robertson, Marriott and Cumming. 
('Marriott', 'Robertson')  Johnny then went on to see Dick, Marriott, Robertson and Roger Hollis. 
('Marriott', 'Polish')  Marriott and TAR came to talk to me about [missing] a Belgian, who has the appearance of being a Soviet agent sent here to obtain information about Russian and Polish emigres. 
('Marriott', 'Polish')  Marriott and TAR came to talk to me about a Belgian, who has the appea race or being a Soviet agent sent here to obtain information about Russian and Polish emigres. 
('Marriott', 'Polish')  Marriott and TAR came to talk to me about a Belgian, who has the appearance of being a Soviet agent sent here to obtain information about Russian and Polish emigres. 
('Marriott', 'Polish')  John Marriott came to see me about his new Polish defector, who is a member of the U.B., or Polish Security service. 
('MEREDITH', 'Skardon')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('MEREDITH', 'Skardon')  THEXI*XXXXX*XXthis The reason for this enquiry at the moment is that MEREDITH, S who is a highly qualified technician, is required by his form to work on some secret project, Skardon takes the view that, in view of his unique qualifications, he should belallowed to do the work. 
('MEREDITH', 'Skardon')  Skardon thinks that in the event of war, he would get a perfectly frank statement from MEREDITH as to where hehstood. 
('MEREDITH', 'Skardon')  Skardon is now thinking of bringing MEREDITH and WOODMAN together to see if they can reconcile their con- flicting statemente. 
('MANIU', 'Roumania')  They have already dealt with PETKOW in Bulgaria, and are now dealing with MANIU in Roumania. 
('MANIU', 'Roumania')  (i) The liquidation of peasant parties behind the Iron Curtain, They have already got rid of PETKOV; they are prosecuting MANIU and his associates in Roumania, and MIKOLAJCZYK's party in Poland has been split, MIKOLAJCZYK himself having left the country and sought refuge here. 
('MANIU', 'Roumania')  At the moment the Russians seem to be concentrating on two broad lines of policy: (i) The liquidation of peasant parties behind the Iron Curtain, They have already got rid of PETKOV; they are prosecuting MANIU and his associates in Roumania, and MIKOLAJCZYK's party in Poland has been split,. 
('MANIU', 'Roumania')  They have already got rid of PETKOV; they are prosecuting MANIU and his associates in Roumania, and MIKOLAJCZYK's party in Poland has been split. 
('Lumpur', 'Singapore')  to the duplication of work between our D.S.O.s in Kuala Lumpur and Singapore and Dalley's M.S.S. 
('Lumpur', 'Singapore')  to the duplication of work between our D.S.O.s in Kuala Lumpur and Singapore and Dalley's M.S.s. 
('Lumpur', 'Singapore')  to the duplication of work between our D.S.O.s in Kuala Lumpur and Singapore and Dalley's M.S.S. 
('Lumpur', 'Singapore')  It is now divided into two Special Branches one in Kuala Lumpur and the other in Singapore and comes directly under the Commissioners of Police. 
('Liverpool', 'Manchester')  At the same time I have a sked Abbott at the Post Office to arrange direct lines for us to Glasgow, Liverpool and Manchester. 
('Liverpool', 'Manchester')  Younger has also seen Abbott regarding the possibility of getting direct wires from Glas- gow, Liverpool and Manchester. 
('Liverpool', 'Manchester')  I think it is important that we should send a responsible B.officer up to Liverpool, Manchester and Glasgow in order to ensure that any enquiries that are made are properly carried out and that in certain cases no enquiries are made at all. 
('Liverpool', 'Manchester')  Another somewhere between Liverpool and Manchester and lastly one in the area Carnoustie-Bankfoot-Rothienormar Davar. 
('Legation', 'Stockholm')  His information on British air power was said to be derived from a member of the Swedish Legation in London who passed it to a member of the Swedish FO in Stockholm. 
('Legation', 'Stockholm')  They did, however, present us with very serious difficulties, since every delegation or mission which came to this country from a neutral country always operated under the auspices of its Embassy or Legation - it followed that these people provided useful material for Service Attaches to put in their reports, for example, Stockholm and Madrid. 
('Legation', 'Stockholm')  Sneath came to see me about the case of Otto WITT who has been in touch with our Legation in Stockholm. 
('Legation', 'Stockholm')  I could not tell him much about Stockholm but I gave him a general picture He apparently institutes fairly effective security precautions at the Legation. 
('Kuala Lumpur', 'Singapore')  to the duplication of work between our D.S.O.s in Kuala Lumpur and Singapore and Dalley's M.S.S. 
('Kuala Lumpur', 'Singapore')  to the duplication of work between our D.S.O.s in Kuala Lumpur and Singapore and Dalley's M.S.s. 
('Kuala Lumpur', 'Singapore')  to the duplication of work between our D.S.O.s in Kuala Lumpur and Singapore and Dalley's M.S.S. 
('Kuala Lumpur', 'Singapore')  It is now divided into two Special Branches one in Kuala Lumpur and the other in Singapore and comes directly under the Commissioners of Police. 
('Kellar', 'White')  I have told Kellar to get out a note showing the whole sequence of events which led ultimately to the publication of the White Paper. 
('Kellar', 'White')  and Dick White, when Kellar explained all his difficulties. 
('Kellar', 'White')  instructed Kellar and Kellar asked Dick White. 
('Kellar', 'White')  We had a further meeting on Integration - Jack Morton, Magan, Dick White, Kellar and others being presents as a result of which we reached fairly firm conclusions on what our requirements were with regard to outstations of both S.I.M.E and S.I.F.E. 
('Karachi', 'Pakistan')  He has heard from Ahmed who does not appear to be in the least worried about the Jenkin-Liddell publicatio in the Pakistan Times, and hopes Jenkin will ultimately return to Karachi. 
('Karachi', 'Pakistan')  He has heard from Ahmed who does not appear to be in the least worried about the Jenkin-Liddell publication in the Pakistan Times, and hopes Jenkin will ultimately return to Karachi. 
('Karachi', 'Pakistan')  He thought there would be more chance of staging something in Pakistan, and that probably this had already been discussed by with on the occasion of the former's recent visit to Karachi. 
('Karachi', 'Pakistan')  The Pakistan authorities appear to be somewhat worried about the spread of Communism and the spread of Soviet activities in Karachi, but their apprehensions do not appear to be based on much evidence. 
('John', 'St')  [missing] St. John came in to see me. 
('John', 'St')  St. John came in to see me. 
('John', 'St')  St. John came in to see me. 
('John', 'St')  This is a Portuguese vessel which according to ISOS seems to be signalling the movements of our ships from the port of St. John the difficulty is to know what action to take as no one in Newfoundland can even speak 744 Portuguese. 
('John', 'Roger')  Roger is now convinced of the necessity of this Subject to DG's approval, a nucleus will be John Marriott and Serpell. 
('John', 'Roger')  The Ambassador is extremely pleased with John Harrison, and both Alan Roger and Carrell are doing very well in Hong Kong. 
('John', 'Roger')  I discussed with Dick, Roger and John Irvine the question of the latter's future as Secretary of the S.I.C. 
('John', 'Roger')  -------------- Kim Philby came over and he, Dick, Roger, John Marriott, and I had A discussion about the F.B.I. 
('Jenkin', 'Times')  A telegram has come in from Bourne, drawing our attention to the publication in the Pakist Times of September 4th of a facsimile of a letter,dated July 8th, written by "George" Jenkin to myself on the subject of our liaison with Pakistan, This had been written up in a leader, implying that there was some spy plot of the British to sabotage the Palcistan Govern- ment. 
('Jenkin', 'Times')  He has heard from Ahmed who does not appear to be in the least worried about the Jenkin-Liddell publicatio in the Pakistan Times, and hopes Jenkin will ultimately return to Karachi. 
('Jenkin', 'Times')  A telegram has come in from Bourne, drawing our attention to the publication in the Pakistan Times of September 4th of a facsimile of a letter,dated July 8th, written by "George" Jenkin to myself on the subject of our liaison with Pakistan. 
('Jenkin', 'Times')  He has heard from Ahmed who does not appear to be in the least worried about the Jenkin-Liddell publication in the Pakistan Times, and hopes Jenkin will ultimately return to Karachi. 
('Italy', 'Spain')  Spain and Italy could then proceed with a pro-Ally policy which would be more profitable to them both. 
('Italy', 'Spain')  in Madrid reported on April 16th that the Spaniards were likely to remain neutral in the event of Italy coming into the war, Gen. Yague advocated assistance to Italy by letting her occupy the Balearics, southern Spain and Ceuta, so that she could control the Straits, but his proposals were turned down by Franco and others of his Ministers. 
('Italy', 'Spain')  reports; there appear to be a considerable number of Germans in Spain, Franco is resisting bot Italian and German appeals to join the axis and has given orders that if any attempt is made by Italy to occupy the Balearic Islands strong resistence should be put up. 
('Italy', 'Spain')  There appears to be some danger that a falangist* putsch will occur in Spain, It is reported that a certain clique in the Kremlin is advocating a complete German victory as the best way to world revolution which can only be achieved after the destruction of the British and French Empires, Italy is putting out terms. 
('Italy', 'Portugal')  Hollis tells me that we have now been charged with a mission to examine, on behalf of the Atlantic Pact Powers, the security of Italy, Portugal, Denmark, Norway and Iceland. 
('Italy', 'Portugal')  rang up about the vetting of Security Services in Italy, Portugal, Denmark and Norway, which we have under taken under the Atlantic Pact. 
('Italy', 'Portugal')  Roger Hollis said we have heard from Washington that Portugal and Italy have agreed to the security check under the Atlantic Pact, and are anxious that it should be carried out as soon as possible. 
('Italy', 'Portugal')  The questions of Mr. Haldane Porter's mission to Persia and of Mr. Irvine's security checks in Italy and Portugal on behalf of the Atlantic Treaty, were touched upon. 
('Italy', 'Pakistan')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy : this related to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Italy', 'Pakistan')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy: this related - to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Italy', 'Pakistan')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy : this related to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Italy', 'Pakistan')  -------------- I spoke to Burt about the case in which one, [redacted], had given information to the American Embassy about the alleged interception by Greece of arms being sent from the U.S.A. to Italy - the idea being to divert these arms to Pakistan. 
('Iraq', 'Turkey')  In Persia, Tabriz is an area of the greatest tactical importance to Russia From there she con directly disturb Persia and Iraq or by penetrating deeply into Turkey from the West. 
('Iraq', 'Turkey')  If, however, the Soviets control Persian Azerbaijan north of a line Mahabad to Resht and then promote popular movements of independence in Northern Iraq and Eastern Turkey. 
('Iraq', 'Turkey')  Iraq, Egypt and Turkey are in consultation. 
('Iraq', 'Turkey')  Unless and until they can defeat Russia, it is thought unlikely that they will attempt an invasion of the British Isles, an occupation of the Iberian Peninsua and Swden or French North or West Africa, an attack on Egypt through Cyprus and Syria, an attack on Iraq and Persia through wyprus and Syria, or Turkey, an attack on the Caucasus through surkey or move into India unless Turkey acquiesces It is thought that Japan will aim at (a) consolidating as quickly as possible her East Asiatic sphere and completing it by the occupation of Burma, achieving peace in China, occupy ing bases in the S.W. 
('Iraq', 'Syria')  We are arranging for his Egyptian visa here, but suggesting that if he wants to go to Iraq and Syria he should get his visas in Cairo. 
('Iraq', 'Syria')  A large quantity of documents have been captured in Iraq, as a result of a round up of 400 Communists: the documents show that Communism in Iraq has been run from Syria and that Syria is receiving its instructions from Paris. 
('Iraq', 'Syria')  Unless and until they can defeat Russia, it is thought unlikely that they will attempt an invasion of the British Isles, an occupation of the Iberian Peninsua and Swden or French North or West Africa, an attack on Egypt through Cyprus and Syria, an attack on Iraq and Persia through wyprus and Syria, or Turkey, an attack on the Caucasus through surkey or move into India unless Turkey acquiesces It is thought that Japan will aim at (a) consolidating as quickly as possible her East Asiatic sphere and completing it by the occupation of Burma, achieving peace in China, occupy ing bases in the S.W. 
('Iraq', 'Syria')  The Chiefs of Staff Middle East decided yestarday to continue their plans but to send as much help as they could from Syria, Palestine and Iraq to Wavell. 
('Indian', 'MENON')  Vickery came to talk to me about Krisna MENON, who has been recommended by the Viceroy as High Commissioner for the Indian Government in Ilon. 
('Indian', 'MENON')  Vickery came to talk to me about Krisna MENON, o has been recommended by the Viceroy as High Commissioner for the Indian Government in London. 
('Indian', 'MENON')  I said that as long as MENON remained, nobody could say that Indian security was good. 
('Indian', 'MENON')  He had approached a certain Dr. Kaul in this country who was heading a campaign agdnst MENON and obviously had a good deal of information, some of which had already appeared in the Indian press. 
('India', 'Vivian')  Had a meeting with Vivian, Cohen, Maltby, Dick and Paddy Bamford at Broadway on the subject of the future of Intelligence from India, After a good deal of talk it was agreed that we had to prepare for the worst; that Maltby should proceed straight away to try and recruit some suitable wireless operators, who. 
('India', 'Vivian')  111 We had a meeting about India, at which Vickery, Bamford, Vivian, Dick and myself were present. 
('India', 'Vivian')  We had a meeting on India with Dick, Vickery, Bamford and Vivian. 
('India', 'Vivian')  We had a meeting on India with Dick, Vickery, Bamford and Vivian. 
('India', 'MENON')  MENON and DUTT saw NEHRU a short time ago in India and are believed to have, in some degree at any rate, won him over to this point of view. 
('India', 'MENON')  He was certain that will try and get some ammunition for us to get MENON out of his present position as High Commissioner for India. 
('India', 'MENON')  The note makes it clear that although MENON is obviously trimming his sails in his dealings with the India League and the Communist Party, he shows no real change of heart. 
('India', 'MENON')  MENON, and the latter was fetched over to India to answer the charges, which are three-fold. 
('India', 'Jenkin')  It is difficult to see how the letter leaked, unless it was photographed before Jenkin put it into the envelope, or subsequently opened fore it got into the India Office bag. 
('India', 'Jenkin')  Jenkin takes a very alarmist views about the whole situation in India. 
('India', 'Jenkin')  It is difficult to see how the letter leaked, unless it was photographed before Jenkin put it into the envelope, or subsequently opened fore it got into the India Office bag. 
('India', 'Jenkin')  Jenkin takes a very alarmist views about the whole situation in India. 
('ISOS', 'Lisbon')  Dick tells me that the firm of TRAUSS, owned by one Germain or Hermann Brucker TRAUSS, in Lisbon, import and export agents might possibly be responsible for the Ostra messages which appear on ISOS and give grossly misleading inforation about shipping movements from here, W. Africa and the Middle East. 
('ISOS', 'Lisbon')  Canaris according to ISOS sources arrived in N. Africa on the 17th April and has visited Tangier and Tetuan and has also seen his chief representative in Casablanca His visit to Algeciras has been Cancelled and he is proceeding from Tangier direct to madrid, where he will meet the head of his service there and also von KARSTHOFF, his Lisbon representative. 
('ISOS', 'Lisbon')  Out of this number 12 are possible XXs, two have been taken on by the German Intelligence and are reflected in ISOS and one has gom 70 out of the Japs in Lisbon with a of 150 a month and instructions to recruit a regular courier. 
('ISOS', 'Lisbon')  ISOS seems to point to him as being responsible for convoy leakages in Lisbon. 
('I', 'ZUCKERMAN')  I told the Lord President that in our view it would be a mistake to confront ZUCKERMAN with the evidence at 26a, as such a course might make us all look rather foolish. 
('I', 'ZUCKERMAN')  If he felt constrained to say something to ZUCKERMAN, I felt that he should merely approach him on general security srounds and question him as to his association with members of the Party. 
('I', 'ZUCKERMAN')  It was left that if we had anything further to say within the next fortnight I would let the Lord President know, failing which ZUCKERMAN would be confirmed in his appointment. 
('I', 'ZUCKERMAN')  I instanced people like BLACKETT, Solly ZUCKERMAN and, indeed, BERNAL, who was deliberately taken on, as a full-blown Communist, as Scientific Officer to the Commandos in 1943. 
('I', 'Wilde')  We have, I think, made the best arrangements that we can in the circumstances, although it seems to me that he will be lucky if he is not met with a battery of cameras on the quay in New York, Wilde came to see me. 
('I', 'Wilde')  I told Wilde that this did not altogether coincide with our views. 
('I', 'Wilde')  / I told Wilde to see Hollis, and if Hollis thought fit, to arrange for him to see Ellis and to discover exactly the basis of his fears. 
('I', 'Wilde')  I tola Wilde that this did not altogether coincide with our views. 
('I', 'Warrants')  I saw Sir Frank Newsam to-day in order to discuss with him my letter regarding Warrants to cover correspondence going to and emanating from an individual. 
('I', 'Warrants')  I said that we would review the position and see whether we could justify the Warrants on these grounds. 
('I', 'Warrants')  I saw Newsam this morning, when I talked to him about the principle of imposing Warrants on a soldier in B.A.O.R. 
('I', 'Warrants')  I asked him for our list of Warrants submitted at the beginning of the year, in accordance with a request that the Home office should be informed about all Warrants which had been imposed for a period of twelve months. 
('I', 'WYBROW')  In point of fact, I think she should have done so, since our records made it clear that WYBROW was a J.I.B. 
('I', 'WYBROW')  -------------- I saw Newsam about [redacted] WYBROW, and [redacted]. 
('I', 'WYBROW')  -------------- I had a conference with Kellar and Shaw on the WYBROW case. 
('I', 'WYBROW')  I explained to him what was proposed with regard to WYBROW. 
('I', 'Tuesday')  I have arranged however that he shall attend the Tuesday meeting and make a short speech to. 
('I', 'Tuesday')  as he would only be returning on Tuesday, but that I would speak to him and then let Jane ARCHER know what she was to do. 
('I', 'Tuesday')  as he would only be returning on Tuesday, but that I would speak to him and then let Jane ARCHER know what she was to do. 
('I', 'Tuesday')  which I am attending next Tuesday in Paris. 
('I', 'Tolson')  I told Tolson that we had not commented on this aspect for two reasons. 
('I', 'Tolson')  We got Tolson round and have, I think, got the thing more or less into shape. 
('I', 'Tolson')  At Wahn I had talks with General Haydon, Kit Steel, Proctor Thomas, Keith Randall, and Tolson. 
('I', 'Tolson')  I had a talk with Tolson before he went to S.I.F.E. 
('I', 'THOMAS')  KRULTSKY I spent 3 hours with Walter THOMAS (KRIVITSKY) and found him most interesting. 
('I', 'THOMAS')  Before leaving I tried to explain to THOMAS some thing about our institutions here, and expressed the view that perhaps all parties performed a useful function. 
('I', 'THOMAS')  I am going to get further details about the matter at my next interview with THOMAS. 
('I', 'THOMAS')  I had an interview with Walter THOMAS this evening. 
('I', 'Swedish')  I forgot to mention that HARRISON, who attempted to sell plans to the Swedish attache was sentenced to 18 months imprison- ment. 
('I', 'Swedish')  August 10th I saw Jock Whyte and told him that we were proposing to have snap S/W checks on Post Restante addresses commencing with Aberdeen owing to the Swedish Air Line, and then possibly trying Liverpool. 
('I', 'Swedish')  Kimball is having a talk with Cussen and Burt 750 I had a talk with Kenneth and Kembal Johnson about INTERAVIA and the Swedish Air Lines. 
('I', 'Swedish')  I thought tout for the purposes of deception, it would be well worth while acquiring a list of the principal contacts of the Spanish Ambassa- dor and M.A., and possibly also those of the Turkish and Swedish Embassies. 
('I', 'Stockholm')  I told her to send the full report and to suggest that the Control Commission might either re-interrogate Kraemer or talk to somebody in the Gestapo who had been in Copenhagen or Stockholm. 
('I', 'Stockholm')  I have just heard that Herschel Johnson, as american Ambassador in Sweden, has just arrived back from Stockholm and wants to see me. 
('I', 'Stockholm')  I saw Herschel Johnson who is over here for a few days from Stockholm. 
('I', 'Stockholm')  I could not tell him much about Stockholm but I gave him a general picture He apparently institutes fairly effective security precautions at the Legation. 
('I', 'Stevenson')  When I got back to New York I had a talk with Bill Stevenson and told him the kind of. 
('I', 'Stevenson')  I gather from Stevenson that up to the present no reference to conversa- tions in the north had been received. 
('I', 'Stevenson')  I explained that I had seen Mr. Stevenson of the Dominions Office the previous evening and that he had arranged that Mr. Eden in addition to raising the question regarding the routing of tele- grams via the U.K. Should also suggest to Mr. Dulanty that Eire should send technicians to this country for training and that we should provide them free gratis with the necessary equipment. 
('I', 'Stevenson')  I told Stevenson that both S. of S.,C.I.G.S. 
('I', 'Stanley')  7th January I had a meeting with Harry Allen, Horrocks, Roger, Stanley Strong and Adam about the vetting of civil servants. 
('I', 'Stanley')  I suggested that that procedure might perhaps be rather cumbersome and that there might be an advantage in Col. Stanley having direct contact with us. 
('I', 'Stanley')  I then submitted my note which made it quite clear that whatever the decision was about Col. Stanley the control of the special agent system must remain in the hands of ourselves and SIS and that we must be the final judges as to whether Col.Stanley's or any other depts. 
('I', 'Stanley')  It may nbe that we are fairly near the turning point and when the moment comes I think we should co-opt Col. Stanley on the W.Baord and get him to send a representative to the Twenty Committee. 
('I', 'Simkins')  I had a long discussion with Simkins about Tommy HARRIS. 
('I', 'Simkins')  I had a further discussion about Tommy HARRIS with Dick and Anthony Simkins. 
('I', 'Simkins')  I had a talk with Simkins and told him that I should be dining with Tommy. 
('I', 'Simkins')  I saw James Robertson, Simkins and Skardon and told them about my interview with BLUNT. 
('I', 'Sillitoe')  I do not know to what extent Maxwell pressed the case or Sillitoe beyond the fact that he urged him to accept the appointment if it were offered to him. 
('I', 'Sillitoe')  I had a long talk with Sillitoe. 
('I', 'Sillitoe')  I shall however be discussing this with Sillitoe. 
('I', 'Sillitoe')  There is a fellow here with a bloody silly name- Sillitoe As far as I can make out he is the chief bloody spy - you had better have a look at him and find out what he wants". 
('I', 'Sigint')  I pointed out that if we had taken over when RSS in 41 was offered to us (we had been unable to do so purely on count of personalities), we should now be making our contribution in Y. stations to the general pool of Sigint. 
('I', 'Sigint')  I personally would be quite prepared to waive this if it was held that the Sigint board was not the place where the allocation of resources was discussed. 
('I', 'Sigint')  I am sure that this work ought to go on and I doubt very much whether Sigint will do it properly even if they are prepared to take it on at all. 
('I', 'Sigint')  I was doubtful whether in this commitment went to Sigint the work would ever be done. 
('I', 'Secretaries')  It was decided that Harry Allen, Dick White and myself would each draft a skeleton for a six-page memorandum, which it was felt would be more suitable for D's of I., Chiefs of Staff, Under Secretaries of State. 
('I', 'Secretaries')  I told the D.G, that I thought we had to be a little careful in matters of this kind not to incur the displeasure of Permanent Under Secretaries of State or other Ministers. 
('I', 'Secretaries')  Off the record I had previously spoken to Hayter, suggesting that future Chairmen and Secretaries should do a course with the J.I.C. 
('I', 'Secretaries')  Off the record I had previously spoken to Hayter, suggesting tha future Chairmen and Secretaries should do a course with the J.I.C. 
('I', 'Royal')  He talked about the Canadian spy case and was very interested to see a copy of the Royal Commission's report I lent him a copy. 
('I', 'Royal')  One of the traces given to us was the Royal Empire Society, and I told Badham to find out whether we had a contact there or not. 
('I', 'Royal')  Hill would proceed by having a Royal Commission, with Goddard in the Chair, although he was not too sanguine when I asked him what sort of case he thought the office could present. 
('I', 'Royal')  I shuddered to think of the publicity that this Department would get if all its officers were subpoenaed before a Royal Commission. 
('I', 'Rowlands')  I went with Roger to see Sir Archibald Rowlands at the Ministry of Supply. 
('I', 'Rowlands')  -------------- I attended a meeting to-day, called by Lord Portal, at which Rowlands, Perrin, and Cockcroft were present. 
('I', 'Rowlands')  Rowlands and Perrin were prepared to accept this risk, which, frankly I do not think amounts to very much. 
('I', 'Rowlands')  It seems that some approach was made by LANGDON-DAVIES, through Archie Rowlands, about two years ago, and at that time he was associated with a Mr. DICK, who subsequently went into a mental home: while I do not think we are likely to get a great deal out of this, it may be that LANGDON-DAVIES might have his uses in putting us in touch with other people. 
('I', 'Rhodes')  however threw some doubt on the advisability of creating a War Room with the Americans owing to the differences which exist TION between G.2., I got Col. Rhodes, who attended the meeting with Gen. Lethbrigge, to come round efter inch. 
('I', 'Rhodes')  I pointed this out both to Rhodes and to Gen. Lethbridge, D.N.I. 
('I', 'Rhodes')  'C' however threw some doubt on the advisability of creating a War Room with the Americans owing to the differences which exist between G.2., I got Col. Rhodes, who attended the meeting with Gen. Lethbridge, to come round after inch. 
('I', 'Rhodes')  I pointed this out both to Rhodes and to Gen. Lethbridge, 96 D.N.I. 
('I', 'Rangoon')  Vickery and I waw Bowker, who is to be our High Commissioner in Rangoon, I told Bowker about our arrangements and also about the S.I.S. 
('I', 'Rangoon')  I said that I could not understand this as we here had received a number of telegrams from our representative in Rangoon, which had been repeated to Singapore. 
('I', 'Rangoon')  Vickery and I waw Bowker, who is to be our High Commissioner in Rangoon. 
('I', 'Rangoon')  I said that I could not understand this as we here had received a number of telegrams from our representative in Rangoon, which had been repeated to Singapore. 
('I', 'Ramsbotham')  I talked to Ramsbotham about the formation of an American section to deal with all security and C-E problems. 
('I', 'Ramsbotham')  I had a talk with Gibbs and Ramsbotham about the Belgian Congo. 
('I', 'Ramsbotham')  I took the opportunity of pointing out that this was a matter of some importance, particularly to Kellar who was by way of dealing with the Middle East, butwas not in B. and also to Ramsbotham. 
('I', 'Ramsbotham')  I asked Ramsbotham to come and see me about the case of the German LINING who had been arrested at Havana. 
('I', 'ROHAN')  I told him that, according to our information, he had intimated both to the Princess de ROHAN and Mrs. OLIVER that Mills was not only Defence Security Officer [redacted]. 
('I', 'ROHAN')  BURGESS said that he could not possibly have said anything of the kind to the Princess de ROHAN or Mrs. OLIVER, as in fact he did not know until I told him that Mills [redacted]. 
('I', 'ROHAN')  From what he said, I do not think that BURGESS regarded the Princess de ROHAN as being wholly outside the family, in view of the fact that she had been in charge of Swiss affairs at the M. of I. during the war. 
('I', 'ROHAN')  When I talked to BURGESS about [redacted] incident, he said he remembered the discussion well: it had started by the Princess de ROHAN saying to him that she knew [redacted] to be mutual friend, what an excellent he was, and what splendid work he had done for the Allies during the war, and for her in particular. 
('I', 'REVAI')  I have discussed with Dick and Peter de Wesselow the case of Andrew REVAI. 
('I', 'REVAI')  In the light of the above facts, it seemed to me that the Home Office would have considerable difficulty in persuading themselves that REVAI was a fit and proper subject to be naturalised, I thought, therefore, that REVAI would be wise not to pursue the matter. 
('I', 'REVAI')  I drew Blunt's attention to the fact that towards the end of January and again in February, 1948, BURGESS had denounced REVAI, the inference being that, realising that BURGESS was very close to Hector McNeil, REVAI was trying to pump him for information. 
('I', 'REVAI')  I suggested to Blunt that the motive might have been somewhat more sinister since it was about this time that REVAI seemed to have made up his mind that he would not be acceptable to the Hungarian Government. 
('I', 'Portsmouth')  Phillips said he thought that was a fair estimate of the position I said that we would do all we could to supply the information he required, and that I would send Boddington down to Portsmouth towards the end of next week, and that he might also be able to visit Plymouth. 
('I', 'Portsmouth')  I said that we would do all we could to supply the information he required, and that I would send Boddington down to Portsmouth towards the end of next week, and that he might also 79 be able to visit Plymouth. 
('I', 'Portsmouth')  I went over to see Newsam to tell him about the Portsmouth explosion. 
('I', 'Portsmouth')  I told Newsam about the alleged sabotage case at Portsmouth. 
('I', 'Persia')  Europe and Persia makes what I think is the first reference to Soviet naval policy and the basis of diplomatic action in the Mediterranean. 
('I', 'Persia')  -------------- I notice in Anglo-American planning papers that considerable importance is now attached to Persia and that attempts are being made to reach agreement on the stop-line which should be imposed. 
('I', 'Persia')  I said that while I knew there was nothing 11ke the coverage that there was, [missing] I believed that there was a limited amount of information coming out of Persia, apart from official sources. 
('I', 'Persia')  I felt that we might quite easily wake up to find a Tudeh Government established in Persia, but I did not know what anyone was prepared to do about it. 
('I', 'Peake')  I also spoke about the case of Elwell, who is going to Jugo-Slavia for a holiday to stay with Charles Peake, The D.G. 
('I', 'Peake')  I thought that Maxwell and Peake realised that there were difficulties, but I doubt very much whether they will take any steps to solve them in our sense. 
('I', 'Peake')  I have put both these points to Newsam who said he would put the case up to Peake but that he thought that our opposition could not be upheld in view of the numerous representations. 
('I', 'Peake')  I told Peake that I could not remember any thing about it but I thought it had more probably been at the request of S.I.S. 
('I', 'Pat Stone')  I saw Pat Stone and drew some money and left for Washington by the night train on the 11th. 
('I', 'Pat Stone')  Next day I saw Pat Stone. 
('I', 'Pat Stone')  I thought he could perform really useful function there for in our offices and be of assistance to Pat Stone. 
('I', 'Pat Stone')  I had Pat Stone to dinner. 
('I', 'Parker')  Hill and I went over to a meeting at the Ministry of Supply with Sir Harold Parker in the Chair. 
('I', 'Parker')  I suggested that before reaching decision Brook should have a word with Sir Harold Parker, who would tell him about Tizard's interview with BLACKETT. 
('I', 'Parker')  (G) staff would be of the type which could be absorbed into a Government Intelligence Service, I understand that the question of a Government Intelligence Service does not refer to proposals in the Brook Committee Report, but to a matter under discussion by a Committee of P.U.Ss from the Services under the Chairmanship of Sir Harold Parker. 
('I', 'Parker')  I attended the Brook Corraittee meeting to-day, on which sir Harold Parker, Sir Robert Gould, Baker, Nicholis and Peck were present, Brook being in the Chair. 
('I', 'Panel')  I saw Air Vice Marshal Elmhirst, and Pendred, the new A.C.A.S.I., in relation to a proposal that a scientific Advisory Panel should be set up for consultation by the Services as and when necessary. 
('I', 'Panel')  I had thought it right that Elmhirst should have this information before he committed himself to recommending Blackett as a member of the Advisory Panel. 
('I', 'Panel')  That interested them particularly was the system of the Bridges Panel, which I explained to them in some detail. 
('I', 'Panel')  I discussed the question of the Wireless Panel. 
('I', 'PUTLITZ')  I also discussed with him the case of PUTLITZ. 
('I', 'PUTLITZ')  I also discussed with him the case of PUTLITZ. 
('I', 'PUTLITZ')  I also aiscussed with him the case of PUTLITZ. 
('I', 'PUTLITZ')  I had lunch to-day with Anthony Blunt, when he told me that PADGHAM was exercised in his mind about a statement in the file of the PUTLITZ establishment branch of the German Foreign Office, that, owing to his relations with Willy SCHNEIDER, he had been blackmailed into acting as a British agent. 
('I', 'PARINE')  I saw Sir Eric Speed about the case of Jack PARINE. 
('I', 'PARINE')  I said that we had what we considered to be conclusive evidence that PARINE WAS a registered member of the Communist Party, but that if he was contemplating action we should prefer to obtain confirmation by other means in order to cover our sources. 
('I', 'PARINE')  I saw Sir Eric Speed about the case of Jack PARINE. 
('I', 'PARINE')  I said that we had what we considered to be conclusive evidence that PARINE WAS a registered member of the Communist Party, but that if he was contemplating action we should prefer to obtain confirmation by other means in order to cover our sources. 
('I', 'Oxford')  I discussed with Cohen of the Colonial office the question of recruiting lecturers to go to West Africa drawn from the Oxford Delegacy for Inter-Mural Studies. 
('I', 'Oxford')  I talked to Jeffries a little about sending out teachers to West Africa from the Oxford Delegacy. 
('I', 'Oxford')  I attended a course at Worcester College, Oxford, which had been [redacted] with several speakers from outside. 
('I', 'Oxford')  I told him at least three times that we had no specific information what- soever but merely a hunch on the basis of Baedeker raids that the answer to Nuremburg 7 34 might be Oxford. 
('I', 'Oct')  Oct 2011 I think, however, that we ought to clear up once and for all the position of the British Society fbr International Understanding vis a vis the War Office. 
('I', 'Oct')  Oct 2011 212 21.01 December I spoke to liss Chenhall and llagor about the instructions which the Home Ofrice are seraing out to Immigration Officers on the subject of unheralded a rivals. 
('I', 'Oct')  THIS IS A COPY ORIGINAL DOCUMENT RETAINED IN DEPARTMENT UNDER SECTION 3 (4) OF THE PUBLIC RECORDS ACT 1958 Oct 2011 15 I had a talk with Skardon about the MEREDITH case. 
('I', 'Oct')  On 30th Oct. the German I.S. 
('I', 'Nuremburg')  I flew to Nuremburg with Harker. 
('I', 'Nuremburg')  I dined with Lord Justice Lawrence at his villa outside Nuremburg - nobody could have been nicer. 
('I', 'Nuremburg')  I had a talk with the brothers HESKETH, who seemed to agree with my views about Nuremburg. 
('I', 'Nuremburg')  I told him at least three times that we had no specific information what- soever but merely a hunch on the basis of Baedeker raids that the answer to Nuremburg 7 34 might be Oxford. 
('I', 'Normandy')  I discussed this matter with John Booth who before the invasion of Normandy was working. 
('I', 'Normandy')  Later in the day I called on Moore and left with him a paper giving our views (a) on the question of revealing strategic deception as a whole contrary to the Joint Chiefs of Staff ruling and (b) on the danger to both Garbo and Brutus in the light of recent revelations which made it clear that the battle of Normandy was fought almost entirely on their information. 
('I', 'Normandy')  At 12 noon I saw F-M. Wilson and explained to him in some detail the success of the Normandy Deception plan. 
('I', 'Normandy')  I pointed out that there was now conclusive proof that the Battle of Normandy had been run almost entirely on the information supplied by Brutus and Garbo and that as the Germans were still in the dark and thought that they had made a miscalculation, we should do our utmost to leave them and the rest of the world in ignorance of the true facts. 
('I', 'Murrie')  I went over to the Cabinet Offices, where I saw Murrie and Burgess, the Establishment officer in the Cabinet Offices. 
('I', 'Murrie')  D.D.G.Meeting (see folder) 39 Murrie and Drew came to see me about BODDINGTON, I got Hollis down, who gave them the full picture. 
('I', 'Murrie')  I went over to the Cabinet Offices, where I saw Murrie and Burgess, the Establishment officer in the Cabinet Offices. 
('I', 'Murrie')  I said to Murrie that it would suit us far better if this could be delayed for a matter of two months. 
('I', 'Murray')  5th April I lunched with Ralph Murray and Runacres of I.R.D. 
('I', 'Murray')  I formed a rather better impression of Ralph Murray who seemed very keen about his job and anxious to co-operate with us. 
('I', 'Murray')  June 8th and I called on Col. Murray who is G.S.O.I to the Canadian D. M. I., in order to discuss Springbok's traffic. 
('I', 'Murray')  June llth I saw Murray again. 
('I', 'Ministerial')  to call a meeting on specific matters, and I hoped that this would ultimately become a general and regular practice On the general question of Palestine I said that there was clearly a feeling of frustration, owing to a lack of appreciation at home, par- ticularly in Ministerial circles, of what the authorities in Palestine were up against. 
('I', 'Ministerial')  On the general question of Palestine I said that there was clearly a feeling of frustration, owing to a lack of appreciation at home, par- ticularly in Ministerial circles, of what the authorities in Palestine were up against. 
('I', 'Ministerial')  I said that while I realised there might be such cases, I thought that we were on extremely dangerous ground, since our enquiry would clearly touch Ministerial circles. 
('I', 'Ministerial')  He did not volunteer any information about Ministerial responsibility, and I did not feel able to press him on this point, which was clearly a delicate one. 
('I', 'Michael')  I have read a paper written by Michael Serpell on the Caribbean, from which it is recommended by the D.G. 
('I', 'Michael')  I showed him the file of Michael CARRITT, who has written to Special Branch claiming disassociation from the Communist Party and wishing to clear himself. 
('I', 'Michael')  I have got into touch with Michael Ryde and asked him to attend the Court of Enquiry tommorrow. 
('I', 'Michael')  I saw Michael Ryde in the afternoon when he gave me his impression of the case of the American Naval Officer named HOMSHER. 
('I', 'Metropolitan')  I regretted to say that wherever we had touched the Metropolitan Police the facts were either in the possession of the Daily Express who probably intended to release them as and when possible, and I had been reinforced in this view by a book recently submitted to us by one Firmin, a correspondent of the Daily Telegraph. 
('I', 'Metropolitan')  I pointed out that the Metropolitan Police, unfortunately, did not come in under the general scheme. 
('I', 'Metropolitan')  I thought it was a pity that Special Branch were outside this scheme, particularly when we had representatives hwere* from the Counties surrounding the Metropolitan area. 
('I', 'Metropolitan')  I found that during my absence arrangements had been made to intern all Cat.B enemy aliens in the Metropolitan area, A suggestion had been made that we should sort through all the Cat.C aliens who had been removed from coastal areas, D.S.S. 
('I', 'Mendelssohn')  I asked Noakes whether Brian Melland had been able to see Robbi Mendelssohn. 
('I', 'Mendelssohn')  I spoke about Robbi Mendelssohn and his mother. 
('I', 'Mendelssohn')  Ronnie, whom I have seen, is going once more to stoke up Brian Melland about Robbi Mendelssohn. 
('I', 'Mendelssohn')  -------------- I left for Zurich at mid-day to attend the Mendelssohn wedding. 
('I', 'Medhurst')  I saw Medhurst in the evening in an endeavour to get suitable air transport for Stopford from the Clyde to Iceland. 
('I', 'Medhurst')  I went to see Medhurst about Grimaldi. 
('I', 'Medhurst')  I rang up Medhurst and explained the circumstances. 
('I', 'Medhurst')  In order to set the wheels in motion I sent to see Medhurst to get his help with Civil Aviation. 
('I', 'Max Knight')  Max Knight came to see me about the yearly donation to As something was due to him for services during the past war, I said I thought that we ought to pay, but that this probably ought to be the final payment. 
('I', 'Max Knight')  I suggested to Dick that perhaps Max Knight might get someone in alongside [redacted] who could extract from him the fact that he was working for de COURCY and so give the necessary cover for our source of information. 
('I', 'Max Knight')  I think that Max Knight would be the most appropriate contact. 
('I', 'Max Knight')  I had a talk with Max Knight about Tangye and his future relations with M. S. Knight agreed with me about Tangye and his organisation and said that he would be very pleased to co-operate with him. 
('I', 'Maunsell')  I am trying to get him per- mission to take out certain ISOS and ISK notes for Maunsell. 
('I', 'Maunsell')  Unfortunately the case of Lils PLESTED which I quoted turned out to be a bad egg, since according to Felix, Maunsell was informed but had apparently overlooked it. 
('I', 'Maunsell')  I promised him that I would tell c. about his views, namely that it would be dan- gerous to send ISK and that much of the other material might already have been sent to Maunsell, though in what form he could not say. 
('I', 'Maunsell')  I think that we should also inform Maunsell whose enquiries Ohestates have reached a delicate stage. 
('I', 'Marston Logan')  I spoke to Marston Logan after the J.I.C. 
('I', 'Marston Logan')  I rather gathered from Marston Logan that he was not entirely satisfied with his liaison with us. 
('I', 'Marston Logan')  I tola Marston Logan that we had already done this and that, frankly, we did not think it was profitable; we were therefore reluctant to employ our Watchers on this task. 
('I', 'Marston Logan')  I gave him a general talk about the office, He seemed quite a likeable character, and I gather from Traffor: Smith that he is a live wire, which is more than can be said about old Marston Logan!. 
('I', 'Malcolm Cumming')  I has a talk wit Alec and Malcolm Cumming about sending McMillan to Malaya, McMillan cannot spare the time to stay more than a few days in the ares; it is therefore necessary that as much of the ground should be cleared as possible so that full use can be made of his expert advice. 
('I', 'Malcolm Cumming')  I told Thistle he had better work the matter out with Malcolm Cumming. 
('I', 'Malcolm Cumming')  As regards the Persians, I gather that Malcolm Cumming could give some wholly innocuous talk. 
('I', 'Malcolm Cumming')  I told Malcolm Cumming what I had said. 
('I', 'Maffey')  I said that so far as I knew the Dominions Office had communicated to Sir John Maffey the terms on which the Control Commission were prepared to receive the prisoner back in Germany; I did not know what these terms were. 
('I', 'Maffey')  I said that I did not think there was any objection to sending them both through us and through Sir John Maffey. 
('I', 'Maffey')  Cecil and I went to the D.C. to attend a meeting at which Sir John Maffey was present. 
('I', 'Maffey')  Maffey was rather inclined to minimise the dangers of the I.R.A. 
('I', 'Madement')  I had a talk with Madement, R.S.S. 
('I', 'Madement')  I had a long talk with Madement who gave me a list of the ISOS groups in which the Americans had expressed interest. 
('I', 'Madement')  I thought therefore and in this Madement agreed, that it would be much better to come clean on the European material and give an undertaking to the Americans that we would watch their interests. 
('I', 'Madement')  I suggested that Madement should get Stephenson to see Hoover in order to obtain his permission for some measure of elasticity to be applied to the agreement. 
('I', 'MACARTNEY')  The P.M., I think, will speak to but will confine his remarks to the association with MACARTNEY, which is in fact fairly notorious. 
('I', 'MACARTNEY')  I told him privately that MACARTNEY was the author of a book called "Walls Have Ears", and that in general I thought he was concerned more with MACARTNEY and his future than with anything else; his Communism was only a very dim background. 
('I', 'MACARTNEY')  I told Callaghan very forcibly that he should on no account tell his directors, or anybody else, that he had obtained confirmation of his views about MACARTNEY from this office. 
('I', 'MACARTNEY')  I said that, purely as a matter of curiosity, I should be interested to know how MACARTNEY became introduced to the firm, and if he was employed whether he could fulfill the promise he had made to effect an introduction to Maurice Webb. 
('I', 'Logan')  I spoke to Marston Logan after the J.I.C. 
('I', 'Logan')  I rather gathered from Marston Logan that he was not entirely satisfied with his liaison with us. 
('I', 'Logan')  I tola Marston Logan that we had already done this and that, frankly, we did not think it was profitable; we were therefore reluctant to employ our Watchers on this task. 
('I', 'Logan')  I gave him a general talk about the office, He seemed quite a likeable character, and I gather from Traffor: Smith that he is a live wire, which is more than can be said about old Marston Logan!. 
('I', 'Liverpool')  At the same time I have a sked Abbott at the Post Office to arrange direct lines for us to Glasgow, Liverpool and Manchester. 
('I', 'Liverpool')  I think it is important that we should send a responsible B.officer up to Liverpool, Manchester and Glasgow in order to ensure that any enquiries that are made are properly carried out and that in certain cases no enquiries are made at all. 
('I', 'Liverpool')  Now they suddenly get an order to intern between 30 and 40 thousand, and deport as many as possible to the Dominions, Huyton Camp at Liverpool is I believe in a state of real confusion. 
('I', 'Liverpool')  August 10th I saw Jock Whyte and told him that we were proposing to have snap S/W checks on Post Restante addresses commencing with Aberdeen owing to the Swedish Air Line, and then possibly trying Liverpool. 
('I', 'Lex')  I saw Newsam to brief him on Ritter von Lex, who was calling and might possibly wish to discuss security matters. 
('I', 'Lex')  I hoped Von Lex would forgive me for stressing this point, but it seemed to me so basic to the procurement of good intelligence that it could not be emphasised too strongly. 
('I', 'Lex')  I then stressed to Von Lex the importance of our office as a focal point for all information bearing on espionage and subversive movements. 
('I', 'Lex')  I told him about the general set up and he has read my conversation with Ritter von Lex, which took place some months ago. 
('I', 'Leggett')  Control Bill and Bevan, with whom I spoke in the absence of Leggett, feels that it may lead to considerable trouble if we try to prevent a man from taking work wherever he likes. 
('I', 'Leggett')  Hollis and I saw Leggett today. 
('I', 'Leggett')  I saw Leggett today and discussed with him the Daily Worker's attitude about Finland and also the leaflet which is being circulated with a view to preventing shipments of arms to Finland. 
('I', 'Leggett')  Roger and I went up to see Leggett. 
('I', 'Lee')  Lee, Harry Allen, F-J and I discussed the question of German scientists which is to come up before. 
('I', 'Lee')  I had a talk with Harry Lee. 
('I', 'Lee')  The Americans had asked us to supply an agent who could probe the matter, since it was already in the hands of Burt and Superintendent Lee of the C.I.D., I told Burt that we would fade out of the picture. 
('I', 'Lee')  I saw a young solicitor called Lee today. 
('I', 'Lagos')  Before leaving this country I had seen Sir John MacPherson, Governor of Nigeria, on the question of our representation in Lagos, and acquainted him with our staffing problems. 
('I', 'Lagos')  On December 11th, Stephens and I left for Lagos, where we spent two days with Mr. 
('I', 'Lagos')  While the present arrangements for handling these matters, through visits from Accra and direct communication with the Commissioner of Police, are satisfactory, I think we should retain our office in Lagos and aim at sending out an S.L.O. 
('I', 'Lagos')  Meanwhile, the station can I think carry on quite effectively by direct communication with the Police in Lagos and a monthly visit of three or four days by someone from Accra. 
('I', 'Kim Philby')  This I have undertaken to do as I thought possibly his knowledge of Turkish might appeal to Kim Philby. 
('I', 'Kim Philby')  Dick and I had a talk with Kim Philby about Washington. 
('I', 'Kim Philby')  -------------- Kim Philby came over and he, Dick, Roger, John Marriott, and I had A discussion about the F.B.I. 
('I', 'Kim Philby')  -------------- I had a long talk with Kim Philby. 
('I', 'Joint')  Later in the day I called on Moore and left with him a paper giving our views (a) on the question of revealing strategic deception as a whole contrary to the Joint Chiefs of Staff ruling and (b) on the danger to both Garbo and Brutus in the light of recent revelations which made it clear that the battle of Normandy was fought almost entirely on their information. 
('I', 'Joint')  I went with him to a meeting of the Joint Security Council where I met Capt. 
('I', 'Joint')  I have seen an extremely interesting report by the Joint Technical Warfare Committee, dated July 26th, which deals with the effect of the discovery of the atomic bomb on any future war. 
('I', 'Joint')  I did however see a need for Joint Planning. 
('I', 'Joe Spencer')  I had a meeting with all the Directors on war planning: Joe Spencer represented D.E./A. 
('I', 'Joe Spencer')  -------------- I talked to Joe Spencer about accommodation in peace and war. 
('I', 'Joe Spencer')  -------------- I discussed the staff position with Joe Spencer to-day and, after going into the whole matter very carefully, he finds that we have only one vacancy that we can fill in this financial year. 
('I', 'Joe Spencer')  I asked Joe Spencer to let him know what reply he should give, as I think we might use him again at the L.R.C. 
('I', 'Joe Archer')  I had a talk this afternoon with Joe Archer Bennett and Victor. 
('I', 'Joe Archer')  I had a talk with Joe Archer. 
('I', 'Joe Archer')  I suggested that possibly Joe Archer might go down and have a look at the place. 
('I', 'Joe Archer')  November 9th I had a talk with Inspector White of MAP and Joe Archer about the BOSWORTH case. 
('I', 'Jock Why')  My report on Jock Why te has gone to the D.G I have recommended that he should be removed from B. 
('I', 'Jock Why')  I have had the D.G.s reply to my memo about Jock Why te This is in the sense that our complaints against each other cancel out and that therefore the whole matter boils down to a personal issue aggravated by the physical separation between the Sections. 
('I', 'Jock Why')  He thought that if I made a gesture to Jock Why te all would be well. 
('I', 'Jock Why')  I had a long discussion in the afternoon with Jock Why te about arrangements for deal- ing with escaped P/Ws and evaders. 
('I', 'Jo')  Jo is getti out a memorandum on the whole subject, which I shall discuss with the A.L.O.s at their next meeting. 
('I', 'Jo')  It seemed to me that it was now open war- fare in Palestine and that little short of military operation, or a settlement by which the Jews would be in a position to clean up their own kind, would really provide a solution I talked to the A.L.O.s and to Jo. 
('I', 'Jo')  I described to them more or less the basic functions of the office and they subsequently had talks with Harry Allen, Jo Archer, Hollis and Dick/ 11th February. 
('I', 'Jo')  I asked Jo to find out whether there was any high duty alloys contract which went with Meteors. 
('I', 'Jenkins')  I should imagine that SINE would have to move back with the Commanders-in-Chief, presumably, to North Africa, but it is possible that we might still be able to keep Jenkins as a Liaison Officer with the Egyptians. 
('I', 'Jenkins')  He knows Douglas Roberts and also, I think, Jenkins. 
('I', 'Jenkins')  I saw Dick and Bamford on the subject of Jenkins letter to me published in the Pakistan Times. 
('I', 'Jenkins')  51 I saw Dick and Bamford on the subject of Jenkins letter to me published in the Pakistan Times. 
('I', 'Jane Archer')  (iii) I think that Harker was to a large extent to blame; but for his incompetence the situation would never have arised, and he had, moreover, over a period of many years, encouraged frank criticism from Jane Archer. 
('I', 'Jane Archer')  While I thought that technically Mrs. Archer had not got a leg to (iii) I think that Harker was to a large extent to blame; but for his incompetence the situation would never have arised and he had, moreover, over a period of many years, encouraged frank criticism from Jane Archer. 
('I', 'Jane Archer')  While I thought that technically Mrs. Archer had not got a leg to 117 (iii) I think that Harker was to a large extent to blame; but for his incompetence the situation would never have arised and he had, moreover, over a period of many years, encouraged frank criticism from Jane Archer. 
('I', 'Jane Archer')  I thought we might perhaps try and get a bit clearer on this point by talking to Jane Archer, who handled the matter. 
('I', 'Isle')  I also showed him and Newsam a file on HINDMARSH, who used to look after the welfare of internees in the Isle of Man and at the Beltane Schools. 
('I', 'Isle')  I was only able to attend one morning session, during which the following points transpired: It is perfectly possible for an alien to fly from Eire on a visit to the Isle of Man without a visa. 
('I', 'Isle')  I also showed him and Newsam a file on HINDMARSH, who used to look after the welfare of internees in the Isle of Man and at the Beltane Schools. 
('I', 'Isle')  I was only able to attend one morning session, during which the following points transpired: It is perfectly possible for an alien to fly from Eire on a visit to the Isle of Man without a visa. 
('I', 'Island')  This may be a vairly safe bet, but at the same time I do not see how under any circumstances we can relinquish our control of the Northern ports, which are vital to the security of this Island. 
('I', 'Island')  I saw Mr. Harrison, Attorney-General of Jersey, who had been very co-operative on the occasion of Perfect's visit to the Island. 
('I', 'Island')  May 31st I went down to Long Island where I saw Margaret Barry, who is looking after 19 English children in a typical old-time Long Island house with wonderful gardens and grounds. 
('I', 'Island')  I wrote a long letter to the DG and one to Dick which I sent by Stratton who is leaving tomorrow for the U.K. June 21st Spent the day at Long Island. 
('I', 'Irgun')  I said that there would obviously be considerable danger of an attempt on his life, either by Parties opposed to the Treaty or by the Irgun or Stern, and that while the Egyptian authorities would be anxious to prevent any such incident, recent events have shown that they might not be able to do a great deal. 
('I', 'Irgun')  He did not disclose his identity or his address, but wanted a message passed on to the Home office to the effect that the Irgun did not intend to carry out terrorist activities in this country, largely, I think, because they realised it might prejudice their chances of getting money from their financial backers. 
('I', 'Irgun')  I explained that It would be an extremely helpful to us to have these, since to some extent I was inclined to doubt the bona fides of the message, which might well be that the Irgun wanted the authorities to relax their vigi- lance. 
('I', 'Irgun')  I said that it was amply proven that they had supported the Irgun, and that if by any chance we were called to implement our Treaty with Transjordan, I would not like to say what the Irgun might do. 
('Hyderabad', 'Pakistan')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy : this related to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Hyderabad', 'Pakistan')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy: this related - to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Hyderabad', 'Pakistan')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy : this related to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Hyderabad', 'Pakistan')  India and Pakistan are beginning to show some signs of composing their differences in Kashmir where it has been agreed to have s plebeseite, and Hyderabad has been subdued without inflaming communal strife. 
('Howe', 'Skardon')  I saw Howe and spoke to him about Skardon, He was entirely cordial, provided the necessary pension arrangements could be made. 
('Howe', 'Skardon')  I saw Howe and spoke to him about Skardon, He was entirely cordial, provided the necessary pension arrangements could be made. 
('Howe', 'Skardon')  If not, he would like me to discuss the case with Ronnie Howe and suggests that a police officer might accompany Skardon. 
('Howe', 'Skardon')  has directed that we should approach the Yard and suggest to Howe that he should detail a police officer to conduct the interview in conjunction with Skardon. 
('Horrocks', 'Roger')  7th January I had a meeting with Harry Allen, Horrocks, Roger, Stanley Strong and Adam about the vetting of civil servants. 
('Horrocks', 'Roger')  I had a discussion with Horrocks, Charles, Dick and Roger on overseas matters. 
('Horrocks', 'Roger')  We had a further Directors Meeting, of'Dick, Charles, Roger and myself, Horrocks being away ill. Charles gave us a gloomy picture of his finances. 
('Horrocks', 'Roger')  Roger said that Horrocks had received an enquiry yesterday from the Establishment officer at the Ministry of Defence regarding one of his officers, CUNDALL, by name, who was in considerable financial difficulties. 
('Hollis', 'Wild')  Colonel Wild came to tell me that he was raising a certain matter at the next meeting of the Hollis Committee. 
('Hollis', 'Wild')  Colonel Wild came to see me about the proposal for setting up the Hollis Committee and abolishing the W. Board. 
('Hollis', 'Wild')  Colonel Wild came to tell me that he was raising a certain matter at the next meeting of the Hollis Committee. 
('Hollis', 'Wild')  Colonel Wild came to tell me that he was raising a certain matter at the next meeting of the Hollis Committee, S.O.E. 
('Hollis', 'Holmes')  -------------- I held a meeting to-day with Hollis, Furnival-Jones, Perfect, Holmes, Oughton and Mann on the question of Police vetting. 
('Hollis', 'Holmes')  I discussed the question of the reorganisation of the Admiralty Dock Police with Holmes and Hollis. 
('Hollis', 'Holmes')  I have asked Holmes to talk to Hollis. 
('Hollis', 'Holmes')  Hollis was asked thut Holmes should go up to interview the "Luminous" or "Radio-active' men, the circumstances of his case being rather peculiar. 
('Hince', 'Kimball')  to say that Walter Hince, and Kimball are arriving here "at the invitation of M.1.5". 
('Hince', 'Kimball')  September 12th Hince and Kimball saw the D.G. 
('Hince', 'Kimball')  September 13th I lunched with Kimball, Hince The Americans are leaving early tomorrow morning. 
('Hince', 'Kimball')  Stephenson told Hince and Kimball that he had heard they were under the impression that he (S.) had been holding up stuff in New York. 
('Hill', 'Thomson')  I saw Admiral Thomson and Hill. 
('Hill', 'Thomson')  I saw Admiral Thomson and Hill. 
('Hill', 'Thomson')  I saw Admiral Thomson and Hill. 
('Hill', 'Thomson')  Hill had a letter from Admiral Thomson regarding an approach by one, Jenkins, of the "Evening Standard" with an official request to interview Ewan MONTAGU in relation to Duff Cooper's book. 
('Hill', 'Tangye')  I asked Hill whether he wanted to retain the Bervices of Tangye. 
('Hill', 'Tangye')  and Hill about what Tangye had told me, and suggested the D.G. 
('Hill', 'Tangye')  and Hill about what Tangye had told me, and suggested the D.G. 
('Hill', 'Tangye')  and Hill about what Tangye had told me, and suggested the D.G. 
('Hilda', 'Tommy')  She knew that Tommy and his wife were at loggerheads, since when visiting them a short time ago they had found them in the middle of a row - Tommy saying that Hilda could go off if she liked and that he was going to pack up the whole place in London and go back to Mallorca. 
('Hilda', 'Tommy')  It may well be that Tommy has had a row with Hilda, but this has happened before and I should say would likely to blow over quite easily. 
('Hilda', 'Tommy')  The relationship between Tommy and Hilda seemed to be absolutely normal. 
('Hilda', 'Tommy')  Tommy and Hilda will be returning in September when he is to have another operation, but not, I gather, or a serious kind. 
('Hastings', 'I')  I discussed with John Noble his rather successful visit to GC & CS where he had seen Hastings and Catty. 
('Hastings', 'I')  I said, moreover, that we had endeavoured to keep his officers informed of every move; this had not always been easy since Eddie Hastings was extremely elusive, he was either at Chesterfield Gardens, Eastcot, or Broadway - and 'C' added "at the races", with which I concurred. 
('Hastings', 'I')  He would, however, have a talk to Travis and Eddie Hastings about what I had said. 
('Hastings', 'I')  I told Adam that by agreement with Hastings they had decided to stop any enquiries about the Jewish connections of people who were to be initiated into	There had been a case where S.B., having been asked to make indirect enquiries, had called the man up on the telephone and told him to come round to the police station. 
('Harold Parker', 'I')  Hill and I went over to a meeting at the Ministry of Supply with Sir Harold Parker in the Chair. 
('Harold Parker', 'I')  I suggested that before reaching decision Brook should have a word with Sir Harold Parker, who would tell him about Tizard's interview with BLACKETT. 
('Harold Parker', 'I')  (G) staff would be of the type which could be absorbed into a Government Intelligence Service, I understand that the question of a Government Intelligence Service does not refer to proposals in the Brook Committee Report, but to a matter under discussion by a Committee of P.U.Ss from the Services under the Chairmanship of Sir Harold Parker. 
('Harold Parker', 'I')  I attended the Brook Corraittee meeting to-day, on which sir Harold Parker, Sir Robert Gould, Baker, Nicholis and Peck were present, Brook being in the Chair. 
('Harold Caccia', 'I')  I saw Harold Caccia. 
('Harold Caccia', 'I')  He said that he would do anything he possibly could to arrange matters on the lines I had suggested, Harold Caccia talked to me about the possibility of constituting a Security Section in the Foreign Office. 
('Harold Caccia', 'I')  I have told Kellar to have a word with Harold Caccia if a reply comes while I am away. 
('Harold Caccia', 'I')  I said that if Carey Foster would get Harold Caccia to speak to me, I would certainly recommend him. 
('Guthrie', 'I')  I dined with Guthrie and Stratton. 
('Guthrie', 'I')  I am certain however that his first consideration is the aggrandisement of C. Guthrie and possibly a peerage. 
('Guthrie', 'I')  I should say that Guthrie was somewhat similar in type to Swinton but not so able. 
('Guthrie', 'I')  I rather think that Tate and Drysdale have been somewhat upset by the visit of Guthrie and Stratton who must have given the impression that they do not think very much of the R.C.M.P. 
('Governors', 'I')  I said that I proposed to sound the ground in the Far East with Commanders-in-Chief and Governors, and then raise the matter with the J.I.C. 
('Governors', 'I')  I had explained that our D.S.Os had a local responsibility to Governors and Commanders-in-Chief in their areas. 
('Governors', 'I')  I said this would of course be a matter for the Governors, but taking a very superficial view, I should have thought that it would have been all right and that she might well have a tremendous success. 
('Governors', 'I')  The only additional point which we had not already considered here, was a proposal that I should impress upon Governors the necessity for each Colony to provide a better welfare organisation for their students in this country. 
('Governor', 'Kellar')  Meanwhile Kellar had returned and seen the Cs-in-c who were extremely annoyed that an organisation which they regarded as having responsibilities to themselves should have been criticised by the Governor General without reference to them. 
('Governor', 'Kellar')  Kellar brought the Governor-designate of Cyprus, Sir Andrew Wright, to see me. 
('Governor', 'Kellar')  Kellar said that a telegram had been received from the Governor of Hong Kong to the effect that if there should be a blockade of the Island he could deal with the situation until reinforcements arrived. 
('Governor', 'Kellar')  Shaw mentioned that he had had a telegram from Kellar about the request of the Governor in Nairobi that he should look into the whole security position in Kenya. 
('Governor', 'John')  Sir John Shaw, the Governor, has got the wind up about Allan's visit, as the local Legislative Councii are only prepared to pay for two individuals who will be dealing with the general administration side of things. 
('Governor', 'John')  Bridges had advised him to consult Lloyd, who had agreed with this view, and Lloyd had suggested, amongst others, Sir John Shaw, late Governor of Trinidad and Colonial Secretary in Palestine. 
('Governor', 'John')  -------------- Alec and I went to see Sir John MacPherson, Governor of Nigeria, who is home on leave. 
('Governor', 'John')  Before leaving this country I had seen Sir John MacPherson, Governor of Nigeria, on the question of our representation in Lagos, and acquainted him with our staffing problems. 
('Gooch', 'Liverpool')  Gooch tells me that the Japanese Consul in Liverpool, BEPPU, has established himself in Dublin and left his Vice-Consul to carry on in Liverpool. 
('Gooch', 'Liverpool')  Gooch has gone up to Liverpool (a) to try and establish contact with the consul or vice-consul - he has a good pretext for such a visit; (b) to acquaint the local police with the position and instruct them to keep very close observation both on the consul and the vice-consul, and also on those who visit the Legation. 
('Gooch', 'Liverpool')  Gooch has returned from Liverpool. 
('Gooch', 'Liverpool')  He has arranged with the Liverpool police for a close watch to be kept on BEPPU, who is expected back from Ireland in the course of the next few days, Gooch, managed to get into the consul's office and to make arrangements for finding out the combination of the safe. 
('Gibraltar', 'Mills')  I had a talk with Mills, who is back here from Gibraltar. 
('Gibraltar', 'Mills')  I had a talk with Mills, who is back here from Gibraltar. 
('Gibraltar', 'Mills')  I had a talk with Mills, who is back here from Gibraltar. 
('Gibraltar', 'Mills')  I saw Mills to-day and asked him to give me a brief account of his association with Guy BURGESS, when the latter visited Gibraltar and Tangier in November last. 
('Gibbs', 'Grogan')  In the end we explained that we were not really satisfied with Grogan in his present position and that we thought that Gibbs could carry both our work and S.I.S. 
('Gibbs', 'Grogan')  April 4th I lunched with fierbert and discussed the position of Gibbs and Grogan. 
('Gibbs', 'Grogan')  Herbert said that although he had no complaint against Grogan he realised that Gibbs was by far the better man. 
('Gibbs', 'Grogan')  at the same time, Herbert agreed that Gibbs who was a quicker worker than Grogan, would be able to carry this job, but he doubted whether Grogan could. 
('Gib', 'Medlam')  We agreed with Medlam that if POGO arrived in Gib. 
('Gib', 'Medlam')  495 Medlam arrived from Gib. 
('Gib', 'Medlam')  talked to Medlam in my presence about his position at Gib. 
('Gib', 'Medlam')  We had a conference with felix, Medlam, Dick, Lakin and Senter, about the activities of allied agents in Gib. 
('Gerald', 'Legion')  I have had a letter from Gerald Templer, drawing attention to a certain penetration of the British Legion in Hants and Dorset. 
('Gerald', 'Legion')  I had a talk with Battersby about a letter from Gerald Templer on Communist penetration in the British Legion. 
('Gerald', 'Legion')  I am telling Gerald that the Legion should take active steps now to put its house in order by: (i) the appointment of reliable and active district secretaries, who will see that Communists or fellow travellers are not nominated when executive posts fall vacant; (ii) that they should ensure that a really sound man is groomed for any vacancy that occurs, and that the right people should turn up at the election meeting, and (iii) that good speakers should be sent down to Branch meetings, who will put grievances in their proper perspective and prevent the Communists from holding the floor. 
('Gerald', 'Legion')  15th September Gerald Templer asked me whether there was any objection to his communicating verbally to Fraser, Chairman of the British Legion, the factual evidence in my letter, and recommending, as coming from himself, the various counter-measures suggested. 
('Gen.', 'Rhodes')  however threw some doubt on the advisability of creating a War Room with the Americans owing to the differences which exist TION between G.2., I got Col. Rhodes, who attended the meeting with Gen. Lethbrigge, to come round efter inch. 
('Gen.', 'Rhodes')  I pointed this out both to Rhodes and to Gen. Lethbridge, D.N.I. 
('Gen.', 'Rhodes')  'C' however threw some doubt on the advisability of creating a War Room with the Americans owing to the differences which exist between G.2., I got Col. Rhodes, who attended the meeting with Gen. Lethbridge, to come round after inch. 
('Gen.', 'Rhodes')  I pointed this out both to Rhodes and to Gen. Lethbridge, 96 D.N.I. 
('Gen', 'Rhodes')  however threw some doubt on the advisability of creating a War Room with the Americans owing to the differences which exist TION between G.2., I got Col. Rhodes, who attended the meeting with Gen. Lethbrigge, to come round efter inch. 
('Gen', 'Rhodes')  I pointed this out both to Rhodes and to Gen. Lethbridge, D.N.I. 
('Gen', 'Rhodes')  'C' however threw some doubt on the advisability of creating a War Room with the Americans owing to the differences which exist between G.2., I got Col. Rhodes, who attended the meeting with Gen. Lethbridge, to come round after inch. 
('Gen', 'Rhodes')  I pointed this out both to Rhodes and to Gen. Lethbridge, 96 D.N.I. 
('Gardens', 'I')  I said, moreover, that we had endeavoured to keep his officers informed of every move; this had not always been easy since Eddie Hastings was extremely elusive, he was either at Chesterfield Gardens, Eastcot, or Broadway - and 'C' added "at the races", with which I concurred. 
('Gardens', 'I')  It is suggested - on what grounds I could not ascertain - that a woman, who is generally known as SONIA, of 52 Ennismore Gardens, S.W.7. 
('Gardens', 'I')  I also asked Burt to call off the police from [redacted] one of our secretaries living in Kensington Palace Gardens. 
('Gardens', 'I')  I suggested to Dick that we should go very carefully into the possibilities of breaking the lease at Kensington Palace Gardens, on the grounds that structural alterations have been carried out without permission of the landlords. 
('Frost', 'Maltby')  Frost came to tell me that Gambier-Parry and Maltby strongly deprecated his depar- ture to the B.B.C. 
('Frost', 'Maltby')  Frost has had a conversation with Maltby who seems to be more or less prepared to consider all the points which were raised at the meeting between Frost, Dick, Hughes and my self the other day. 
('Frost', 'Maltby')  At a meeting with G-P, Maltby, Dick and Frost the subject of R.S.S.' 
('Frost', 'Maltby')  I have told Frost to try and get Maltby to move his units to Newcastle and Reading so that they will be close to our regional offices. 
('Friday', 'Saturday')  We had been notified by the Foreign Office that he had been placed on board the 'Batavia', in a packing case, by the Americans, and that he was due to land on about Friday or Saturday. 
('Friday', 'Saturday')  We had been notified by the Foreign Office that he had been placed on board the 'Batavia', in a packing case, by the Americans, and that he was due to land on about Friday or Saturday. 
('Friday', 'Saturday')  We had been notified by the Foreign Office that he had been placed on board the 'Batavia', in a packing case, by the Americans, and that he was due to land on about Friday or Saturday. 
('Friday', 'Saturday')  I explained to him that this whole matter had boiled up very suddenly since we only knew on Friday or Saturday morning that T.A.R. 
('Freddie KUH', 'I')  I got Hill down and we told them that without any doubt the source of this leakage was Mr. Hynd, who had passed the information to Freddie KUH. 
('Freddie KUH', 'I')  I explained to him the dangers of this, since Freddie KUH is probably known to most people in the Embassyand is doubtless "served" by a good many. 
('Freddie KUH', 'I')  Personally I think that we ought to look at some of our high-grade journalists of the type of Freddie KUH, from this angle. 
('Freddie KUH', 'I')  I have not seen Max's report yet, but I understand that quite gratuitously EWER issued a warning about Freddie KUH, who certainly had worked for the Russians in the. 
('Firth', 'Forth')  It appears that there was no warning of the attack by German bombers on the Firth of Forth. 
('Firth', 'Forth')  He stated that this document related to the Firth of Forth and that he would tell her about it when he returned. 
('Firth', 'Forth')  Mrs. WEATHERSTONE subsequently examined the parcel and found it to contain a secret chart of the Firth of Forth which, though out of date, still contained a good deal of confidential information. 
('Firth', 'Forth')  Seaman LAM has been arrested he says that he kept the plan of the Firth of Forth as a souvenir. 
('Finns', 'Swedes')  He was told about the case of FORREST and has suggested that he should be given his permit but that the Swedes and Finns should be warned. 
('Finns', 'Swedes')  I cannot help feeling that this will end in trouble since FORREST might not be astonished that the French should know some thing about him, but when he finds that the Finns and the Swedes are also acquainted with his past he may regard the whole thing as a somewhat curious coincidence. 
('Finns', 'Swedes')  The Swedes are giving considerably in personnel and equipment to the Finns. 
('Finns', 'Swedes')  A Norwegian report states that Goering was encouraging the Swedes to give support to the Finns as long as they did not do so in conjunction with the Allies. 
('Finland', 'Norway')  Special material indicates that according to Gripenberg the Finnish Minister, HMG has advised Norway and Sweden to assist Finland directly and indirectly and promised that if they get into difficulties discussions as to assistance will take place. 
('Finland', 'Norway')  Speaking to Scandinavian journalists in confidence on Feb. 2nd Winston said that Norway and Sweden must give every possible assistance to Finland and that if Germany attacked them they could rely on England. 
('Finland', 'Norway')  It seems that they are being pushed somewhat reluctantly into giving support to Finland, but whether they know that it is our intention to land a force of 100,000 men in Norway is not yet quite clear. 
('Finland', 'Norway')  Norway and Sweden seem to have a tacit understanding about volunteers to Finland but they want things to be done quietly since if there is publicity it may be as detrimental to our case as to theirs. 
('Fifth', 'I')  I replied that we had for many years made a careful study of Fifth Column movements in this country, that as a result of this we had compiled considerable records and had a fairly comprehensive knowledge of methods and tactics. 
('Fifth', 'I')  I made it clear that the purpose of the Security Executive, as set out in the papers, namely, an organisation to deal with all Fifth Column was correctly stated, in that in 1940 Lord Swinton had so described its functions, having entirely overlooked the fact that the Fifth Column was the sole raison d'etre of the Security Service. 
('Fifth', 'I')  I had a discussion with Victor, currey, Miss Clay and Dick on Fifth volumn. 
('Fifth', 'I')  My plan is to co-ordinate the Fifth column Sections in the office and I have made a recommendation to this effect. 
('Ferguson', 'Maxwell')  Bridges and the Prime Minister turned down the porposal, and now Sir Alexander Maxwell and Ferguson, Chief Constable of Kent, are to go out. 
('Ferguson', 'Maxwell')  Nor do I think that Maxwell and Ferguson are going to improve matters. 
('Ferguson', 'Maxwell')  about the visit of Maxwell and Ferguson to Malaya. 
('Ferguson', 'Maxwell')  said he had made it clear to Ferguson that we should like to see him, but in the circumstances he did not feel that he could very well press him to come; he thought, however, that if Ferguson and Maxwell saw Morton, they would get all the background: required. 
('Ferguson', 'I')  10th October Roger and I went over to see Sir Donald Ferguson, P.U.S. 
('Ferguson', 'I')  Nor do I think that Maxwell and Ferguson are going to improve matters. 
('Ferguson', 'I')  I informed A.D.S.D of the position and instructions were given to Ferguson to telephone to Jelfe at Folkestone. 
('Ferguson', 'I')  I have again asked Ferguson to try and fix up a date with Felix for the discussion of the LITTLE case. 
('Felix', 'Viv')  Felix did not seem to remember the letter, and Viv. 
('Felix', 'Viv')  and unburdened myself about Felix and Section V. Viv. 
('Felix', 'Viv')  I have recommended that Section V. should come up to S.J., and that Viv and myself, Dick and Felix should form a Planning and Organising Committee with a right to operate in the whole field of C.E and that there should be an exchange of files between all sections on the understanding that they do not leave the custody of the department which owns them. 
('Felix', 'Viv')  I am quite sure that loyalty to Felix and the organisation tut he has built up is influencing Viv. 
('FUCHS', 'House')  The proposal is that FUCHS should be arrested to-morrow at Shell Mex House. 
('FUCHS', 'House')  -------------- Owing to delays in framing the charges against FUCHS, Burt did not arrive at Shell Mex House until 3.45. 
('FUCHS', 'House')  Rickett telephoned to me about a statement which the P.M. is to make in the House on the FUCHS case. 
('FUCHS', 'House')  Meanwhile the Lord Chancellor, in making a speech an the FUCHS case in the House of Lords, had stated that no such information was passed. 
('FIDRMUC', 'OSTRO')  6th January KLOP came in to give us the result of his interrogation of FIDRMUC @ OSTRO in the American zone in Germany. 
('FIDRMUC', 'OSTRO')  We now appear to have got as far as we can in the case of Paul FIDRMUC @ OSTRO who caused us so much trouble and anxiety during the war. 
('FIDRMUC', 'OSTRO')  We now appear to have got as far as we can in the case of Paul FIDRMUC @ OSTRO. 
('FIDRMUC', 'OSTRO')  We now appear to have got as far as we can in the case of Paul FIDRMUC @ OSTRO. 
('Executive', 'Swinton')  The camp had been set up on the orders of Lord Swinton, who was, I believe, at that time Executive Head of M.1.5. 
('Executive', 'Swinton')  The camp had been set up on the orders of Lord Swinton, who was, I believe, at that time Executive Head of M.I.5. 
('Executive', 'Swinton')  The camp had been set up on the orders of Lord Swinton, who was, I believe, 155 at that time Executive Head of M.I.5. 
('Executive', 'Swinton')  I made it clear that the purpose of the Security Executive, as set out in the papers, namely, an organisation to deal with all Fifth Column was correctly stated, in that in 1940 Lord Swinton had so described its functions, having entirely overlooked the fact that the Fifth Column was the sole raison d'etre of the Security Service. 
('Evans', 'I')  We did, however, think that more attention might be given to general security; I suggested that Drew should have a talk with Morton Evans. 
('Evans', 'I')  I discussed with John Marriott end korton Evans the note on the potentialities of the Communist Party in time of war, a note on which has been requested by S.H.A.P.E. 
('Evans', 'I')  Other correspondence which Evans thought would interest us was that passing between Apartado 8620, Mexico, which I gather is the Central Catalan syndicate, to one Carlos PI-SUNYER, 22 Wendover Court, Finchley Rd.N.EW.2. 
('Evans', 'I')  He thought it rould be riven independence under the direction of Morton Evans and would have Ryle as a O liaison with section V. I gatier that Dansey is likely to retire before very long and that probably Moses Beddington will take his place. 
('European', 'Paris')  There is a certain amount of evidence to show that Paris is becoming a kind of Comintern centre, somewhat the lines of the Western European Bureau of the Comintern, which in the 20's was situa- ted in Berlin. 
('European', 'Paris')  Sharkey says that he has two important stories to tell, one relating to a German fund in dollars which is being used to set up a factory in Germany for the manufacture of secret weapons, and the other relates to a Russian espionage network with lines into this country and European bases in Warsaw, Paris, and Prague. 
('European', 'Paris')  Sharkey says that he has two important stories to tell, one relating to a German fund in dollars which is being used to set up a factory in Germany for the manufacture of secret weapons, and the other relates to a Russian espionage network with lines into this country and European bases in Warsaw, Paris, and Prague. 
('European', 'Paris')  Sharkey says that he has two important stories to tell, 123 one relating to a German fund in dollars which is being used to set up a factory in Germany for the manufacture of secret weapons, and the other relates to a Russian espionage network with lines into this country and European bases in Warsaw, Paris, and Prague. 
('Eric', 'I')  Eric Phipp's widow was staying for a few days and was clearly, as I was, somewhat overawed, and would on occasions have preferred to have her dinner in her bedroom. 
('Eric', 'I')  I saw Sir Eric Speed about the case of Jack PARINE. 
('Eric', 'I')  I saw Sir Eric Speed about the case of Jack PARINE. 
('Eric', 'I')  I attended a meeting, under the Chairmanship of Sir Eric de Normann, at which 'C' Barnett and Saffery from the Post Office, and Black and Marshall of the Ministry of Works were present. 
('England', 'Nazis')  He had been impressed by the importance attached to OSTRO by the local Nazis, and had returned to England and joined the Territorial Army. 
('England', 'Nazis')  He had been impressed by the importance attached to OSTRO by the local Nazis, and had returned to England and joined the Territorial Army. 
('England', 'Nazis')  He had been impressed by the importance attached to OSTRO by the local Nazis, and had returned to England and joined 108 the Territorial Army. 
('England', 'Nazis')  We have now learned from the censorship that the KOHNS obtained their employment through ardent Nazis in the Argentine who hope that Germany will defeat England. 
('England', 'Lisbon')  One of his most important channels for passing information from England to Lisbon is said to have been Dutch pilots of BOAC. 
('England', 'Lisbon')  About 4 weeks ago the Germans interrogated in Lisbon a Pole name Jan LIETUS who had arrived from England. 
('England', 'Lisbon')  August 4th There are indications that the Sicherheits- dienst are proposing to kidnap who is regarded by them as a traitor, owing to his attempts to escape from Lisbon to England. 
('England', 'Lisbon')  in Lisbon is preparing to send to England a Belgian agent said to have been in England for a long time and to be now working, as a purser on an English ship. 
('Elmhirst', 'Panel')  I saw Air Vice Marshal Elmhirst, and Pendred, the new A.C.A.S.I., in relation to a proposal that a scientific Advisory Panel should be set up for consultation by the Services as and when necessary. 
('Elmhirst', 'Panel')  It had been suggested that BLACKETT should be on this Panel, Elmhirsti disclosed to me that he was a brother of the Elmhirst who runs Dartington Hall. 
('Elmhirst', 'Panel')  I had thought it right that Elmhirst should have this information before he committed himself to recommending Blackett as a member of the Advisory Panel. 
('Elmhirst', 'Panel')  Sheddon is the really strong man in Australia and, in fact, controls the Chiefs of Staff: this leads to a certain amount of friction, particularly with External Affairs The case of BLACKETT was discussed, but after a speech by Elmhirst on his behalf, who said that it had the support of Tedder it was decided to recommend against his appointment to the Advisory Panel on scientific matters. 
('Egyptian', 'Jenkins')  All this was known to Jenkins, who is running a man as a double-cross in conjunction with the Egyptian Police, who pay 60% of his salary and actually handle the individual. 
('Egyptian', 'Jenkins')  To drop him now would seriously embarrass Jenkins vis-a-vis the Egyptian Police. 
('Egyptian', 'Jenkins')  All this was known to Jenkins, who is running a man as a double-cross in conjunction with the Egyptian Police, who pay 60% of his salary and actually handle the individual. 
('Egyptian', 'Jenkins')  To drop him now would seriously embarrass Jenkins vis-a-vis the Egyptian Police. 
('Egypt', 'Tripoli')  If we go from Palestine about the middle of next year, we could temporarily house our troops in Tripoli and Cyrenaica, but we could not get out of Egypt until some time in 1950. 
('Egypt', 'Tripoli')  If we go from Palestine about the middle of next year, we could temporarily house our troops in Tripoli and Cyrenaica, but we could not get out of Egypt until some time in 1950. 
('Egypt', 'Tripoli')  If we go from Palestine about the middle of next year, we could temporarily house our troops in Tripoli and Cyrenaica, but we could not get out of Egypt until some time in 1950. 
('Egypt', 'Tripoli')  One of the German consuls in Egypt, Heinrich Lepique, who was given a safe conduct out of Egypt has now set up an espionage bureau in Tripoli under the guise of a consulate. 
('Egypt', 'Iraq')  Iraq, Egypt and Turkey are in consultation. 
('Egypt', 'Iraq')  have a report on the visit of Nuri Pasha the Iraq Minister to Egypt. 
('Egypt', 'Iraq')  Egypt have apparently refused to sign the Saadabad Pact for mutual assistance between Iran, Iraq, Afghanistan and Egypt. 
('Egypt', 'Iraq')  Unless and until they can defeat Russia, it is thought unlikely that they will attempt an invasion of the British Isles, an occupation of the Iberian Peninsua and Swden or French North or West Africa, an attack on Egypt through Cyprus and Syria, an attack on Iraq and Persia through wyprus and Syria, or Turkey, an attack on the Caucasus through surkey or move into India unless Turkey acquiesces It is thought that Japan will aim at (a) consolidating as quickly as possible her East Asiatic sphere and completing it by the occupation of Burma, achieving peace in China, occupy ing bases in the S.W. 
('Eden', 'John')  The following were to be present: S. of S., First Lord, Eden, Hankey, and Sir John Anderson. 
('Eden', 'John')  Special material shows that John Anderson was adamant about the Irish executions and that the P.M., Eden and to some extent even Winston were anxious to find a way out. 
('Eden', 'John')  The Board Meeting also discussed a letter from Lord Hankey forwarding a copy of a letter from Eden and also one from Sir John Maffey. 
('Eden', 'John')  Eden said he did not want to have a half-hour lecture from John Anderson on the liberties of the subject, and urged D.S.S. 
('Eden', 'I')  The Services had put forward Admiral Daniels, the retiring Commandant of the I.D.C., but Eden had finally come down on the side of Cs nominee. 
('Eden', 'I')  I explained that I had seen Mr. Stevenson of the Dominions Office the previous evening and that he had arranged that Mr. Eden in addition to raising the question regarding the routing of tele- grams via the U.K. Should also suggest to Mr. Dulanty that Eire should send technicians to this country for training and that we should provide them free gratis with the necessary equipment. 
('Eden', 'I')  I gather that when Archer returns and a report has been received from our N.A., Eden is to press for a visit by Archer to this country. 
('Eden', 'I')  I have said that I think this will probably come best from Eden. 
('EWER', 'I')  I wondered a little whether if this were done, after a lapse of twenty years, it might not invite criticism as to why it had not been done before, Apart from this, I did not see that there was any special inducement for EWER to tell us the answer. 
('EWER', 'I')  I discussed with Dick and John Marriott the case of Nilliam Norman EWER, Dick and I felt, and I think John agreed, that as it would be necessary to consult members of the Labour Party before taking any action, the matter was af very considerable delicacy and our action might be missunderstood. 
('EWER', 'I')  I said that I thought that before taking and steps, we should try and get hold of somebody who knew EWER personally, we could then get a better idea as to how to make our approach. 
('EWER', 'I')  I have not seen Max's report yet, but I understand that quite gratuitously EWER issued a warning about Freddie KUH, who certainly had worked for the Russians in the. 
('Dutch', 'Van')  Van Moyland asked me to come out and meet the Chief of the Dutch Rijkspolitie, but I am afraid I cannot remember his name. 
('Dutch', 'Van')  Van Moyland mentioned the Dutch report on S.O.E., which has now come out in the form of a White Paper. 
('Dutch', 'Van')  Van Oorschott is still used in a consultative capacity by the Dutch General Staff. 
('Dutch', 'Van')  Feeling in Holland and Belgium is very strongly anti-German, Van Oorschott is of opinion that if an attack is launched through Maastrecht, the Dutch will fight and fall back on the Belgian positions, which are very strong. 
('Duff', 'Stephenson')  wants to send my American report to C. and Duff with a covering letter recommending That the proposal for representation 702 by Stephenson of our interests as well as those of S.I.S., not to speak of S.O. 
('Duff', 'Stephenson')  He told me that he had had several hours with Duff-Cooper who I gather is in favour of Stephenson holding a mandate for the Security Service. 
('Duff', 'Stephenson')  to see Duff Cooper about Stephenson representing us in the Caribbean, and also for the purpose of liais -son with the F.B.I. 
('Duff', 'Stephenson')  I explained to Duff that I thought Stephenson could carry this with advantage if he were made our repre- sentative. 
('Duff', 'MINCEMEAT')  had heard, very confidentially, from Godfrey, the late D.N.I., that Duff Cooper was writing a novel, the basic form of which was Plan MINCEMEAT D.N.I. 
('Duff', 'MINCEMEAT')  It looks as if Duff and Montague had got together: the latter has always been anxious to publish MINCEMEAT. 
('Duff', 'MINCEMEAT')  said that he had heard from the First Lord that the Prime Minister was now considering the question of the publication of Duff Cooper's book on plan MINCEMEAT. 
('Duff', 'MINCEMEAT')  Drew is still fussing about whether Duff legitimately had access to Plan MINCEMEAT, and he wants us to ask J.I.C. 
('Dublin', 'Liverpool')  to discuss an order from the S. of S. for War that the censorship was to be imposed forthwith on telephone conversa- tions from Liverpool, Glasgow and London to Dublin. 
('Dublin', 'Liverpool')  He had been responsible for the telephone censorship from Liverpool to Dublin and Belfast. 
('Dublin', 'Liverpool')  Gooch tells me that the Japanese Consul in Liverpool, BEPPU, has established himself in Dublin and left his Vice-Consul to carry on in Liverpool. 
('Dublin', 'Liverpool')  in Liverpool and Dublin. 
('Dock', 'Holmes')  I discussed the question of the reorganisation of the Admiralty Dock Police with Holmes and Hollis. 
('Dock', 'Holmes')  -------------- Holmes tells me that as regards the Dock Police, the Home Office are coming back on their previous view, that the Police should take over. 
('Dock', 'Holmes')  Holmes talked to me about the Dock Police. 
('Dock', 'Holmes')  -------------- Holmes told me that the deliberations of the Dock Police have now reached an advanced stage. 
('Dixon', 'Kemsley')  In any case, however, we should have to open a post of SIME in Cyrenaica, Hill tells me that he has seen the D.G's friend, Dixon, who is on the staff of Kemsley Press. 
('Dixon', 'Kemsley')  Dixon offered to go straight to Kemsley on the question of the leakage. 
('Dixon', 'Kemsley')  In any case, however, we should have to open a post of SIME in Cyrenaica, Hill tells me that he has seen the D.G's friend, Dixon, who is on the staff of Kemsley Press. 
('Dixon', 'Kemsley')  Dixon offered to go straight to Kemsley on the question of the leakage. 
('Dick', 'Viv')  Dick had a long convengation with Viv. 
('Dick', 'Viv')  Dick tells me that from his conversations with Viv. 
('Dick', 'Viv')  I have recommended that Section V. should come up to S.J., and that Viv and myself, Dick and Felix should form a Planning and Organising Committee with a right to operate in the whole field of C.E and that there should be an exchange of files between all sections on the understanding that they do not leave the custody of the department which owns them. 
('Dick', 'Viv')  discussed with Viv., Dick and my self the set up in W. Africa. 
('Dick', 'Surete')  Dick White has had a most successful visit to Paris, where for the first time officers of the S.E.D and the Surete have met round the table. 
('Dick', 'Surete')  Dick is convinced that the people who really matter are the Surete. 
('Dick', 'Surete')  [redacted] Dick said he did not think the Surete would have much difficulty in pin-pointing the member of the French General Staff concerned, since there were in fact only five French officers at Fontainebleau and there was other evidence for identification. 
('Dick', 'Surete')  He told me that he was rather worried by certain apprehensions of S.D.E.C.E., particularly in the mind of [redacted] that Dick and Irvine were trying to build up the Surete at the expense of S.D.E.C.E. 
('Dick', 'STRAUSS')  Dick told the meeting about the Home Office, against our advice, having naturalised Carol STRAUSS, a known Czech agent. 
('Dick', 'STRAUSS')  meeting to-day, Dick told us that he had seen Murrie of the Home Office about the naturalisation or Carol STRAUSS. 
('Dick', 'STRAUSS')  At the D.G's meeting to-day, Dick said that no steps can yet be taken to get Karel STRAUSS denaturalised, since the whole of our documentary evidence cannot be put before a tribunal without jeopardising our source, [redacted]. 
('Dick', 'STRAUSS')  Dick then spoke about the Czech agent, STRAUSS. 
('Dick', 'Roberts')  Dick, Kellar and I had a talk about Douglas Roberts coming visit. 
('Dick', 'Roberts')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('Dick', 'Roberts')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('Dick', 'Roberts')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts. 
('Dick', 'Peter')  Dick and Graham Mitchell have seen Tizard about BLACKETT and given him quite a lot of information about Peter ASTBURY. 
('Dick', 'Peter')  -------------- Peter Reid came to lunch with me and returned to the office, when he saw the D.G., Dick and Roger. 
('Dick', 'Peter')  In my view, a man like Dick White, who is carrying an extremely important job in this country, would be wasting his talents, and we should merely be robbing Peter to pay Paul. 
('Dick', 'Peter')  I have discussed with Dick and Peter de Wesselow the case of Andrew REVAI. 
('Dick', 'Pakistan')  Dick and I lunched with Vickery, when we dis- cussed the possibility of having a liaison with Pakistan. 
('Dick', 'Pakistan')  I saw Dick and Bamford on the subject of Jenkins letter to me published in the Pakistan Times. 
('Dick', 'Pakistan')  Dick and I lunched with Vickery, when we dis- cussed the possibility of having a liaison with Pakistan. 
('Dick', 'Pakistan')  51 I saw Dick and Bamford on the subject of Jenkins letter to me published in the Pakistan Times. 
('Dick', 'Padgham')  Anthony tells me that the Control Commission have done nothing about Padgham although they had a letter which I sent out to Dick for the DG's signature when he was in Germany, advancing Padgham's claim for some form of employment in military government. 
('Dick', 'Padgham')  Dick, Curry, Anthony and I discussed the case of Padgham. 
('Dick', 'Padgham')  I suggested that Dick and Anthony should put all the facts to Vansi ttart and get his backing for our point of view, Since Van's advice carried great weight with Padgham. 
('Dick', 'Padgham')  19th February I dined with Dick and Padgham. 
('Dick', 'Mitchell')  I had a discussion with Dick and Mitchell about Burt's visit. 
('Dick', 'Mitchell')  I had a discussion with Dick, Horrocks, Mitchell, M.E., Marriott and Martin about our meeting with S.I.S. 
('Dick', 'Mitchell')  Dick and Graham Mitchell have seen Tizard about BLACKETT and given him quite a lot of information about Peter ASTBURY. 
('Dick', 'Mitchell')  Dick replied that his three Senior officers were each responsible for their own particular department and that there was no real point in making any one of them senior to the other; it would only hold things up, and clearly Mitchell could not make any contribution to Marriott's problems. 
('Dick', 'Maltby')  Had a meeting with Vivian, Cohen, Maltby, Dick and Paddy Bamford at Broadway on the subject of the future of Intelligence from India, After a good deal of talk it was agreed that we had to prepare for the worst; that Maltby should proceed straight away to try and recruit some suitable wireless operators, who. 
('Dick', 'Maltby')  Dick tells me that Maltby and Felix had worked themselves into a frightful state on seeing on the Agenda that the secretary was to state the problem to the meeting. 
('Dick', 'Maltby')  Frost has had a conversation with Maltby who seems to be more or less prepared to consider all the points which were raised at the meeting between Frost, Dick, Hughes and my self the other day. 
('Dick', 'Maltby')  At a meeting with G-P, Maltby, Dick and Frost the subject of R.S.S.' 
('Dick', 'James')  I had a talk with Dick and James Robertson about the future of the Middle East section. 
('Dick', 'James')  Dick, Bertram, Clayton, Courtenay, James Robertson and I had a discussion on the liquidation of O.C. 
('Dick', 'James')  [redacted] came over and I gave him the story about FUCHS, in the presence of Dick, John, James, Skardon, and Hill. 
('Dick', 'James')  I had a long talk with Dick and James Robertson about the PEACH case. 
('Dick', 'Hughes')  We discussed the future of RSS (Sclater, Walter Scott, TAR, Dick, Hughes and myself). 
('Dick', 'Hughes')  Dick had a discussion with Kellar and Hughes and it was arranged with Frost over the poor that a conference should be held at Barnet tomorrow to which G-P should ue invited. 
('Dick', 'Hughes')  Frost, Hughes, Dick and I had a meeting about the detection of illicit wireless and the part played by R.S.S. 
('Dick', 'Hughes')  Frost has had a conversation with Maltby who seems to be more or less prepared to consider all the points which were raised at the meeting between Frost, Dick, Hughes and my self the other day. 
('Dick', 'Hart')  Dick, Hart and I had a meeting about the Belgian THORN, who has appeared on ISOS. 
('Dick', 'Hart')  September 28th I had a meeting with Dick, topford, Hart, about action in connection with Ostro. 
('Dick', 'Hart')  Melland came over and Curry, Dick, Hart and I had a talk with him. 
('Dick', 'Hart')  Dick and Hart have returned from Glenalmond where they have been studying the activities of the Middle East Sections. 
('Dick', 'Harry')  Harry and Dick discussed with me the figures for our mobilisation in any future war. 
('Dick', 'Harry')  It was decided that Harry Allen, Dick White and myself would each draft a skeleton for a six-page memorandum, which it was felt would be more suitable for D's of I., Chiefs of Staff, Under Secretaries of State. 
('Dick', 'Harry')  He saw Harry, Dick, Alec and Roger and I think felt that his visit had been profitable. 
('Dick', 'Harry')  I had a discussion today with Harry, Dick, T.A.R., Archer and Miss Clay. 
('Dick', 'Gwyer')  has not received an acknowledgement, Dick, Gwyer, Cecil and I had a meeting to discuss Gwyer's memorandum on Ireland. 
('Dick', 'Gwyer')  Cecil, Dick, John Gwyer and I discussed John's paper on Ireland to which we have made several amendments. 
('Dick', 'Gwyer')  Dick, Gwyer, Cecil and I had a meeting to discuss Gwyer's memorandum on Ireland. 
('Dick', 'Gwyer')  Cecil, Dick, John Gwyer and I discussed John's paper on Ireland to which we have made several amendments. 
('Dick', 'Gib')  I reminded him of the incident during the war when Dick went to Gib. 
('Dick', 'Gib')  Dick had I think thought that [redacted] who was to be demobilised in February next, might be a possible candidate for Gib. 
('Dick', 'Gib')  I had a meeting with Dick, T. A. R. and Victor about sending someone out to Gib. 
('Dick', 'Gib')  We had a conference with felix, Medlam, Dick, Lakin and Senter, about the activities of allied agents in Gib. 
('Dick', 'Douglas Roberts')  Dick, Kellar and I had a talk about Douglas Roberts coming visit. 
('Dick', 'Douglas Roberts')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('Dick', 'Douglas Roberts')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts, Alley told me that Sharkey had temporarily recovered from his illness: he had been in a home where the doctor had given him a good deal of dope - in fact he had almost made him an addict. 
('Dick', 'Douglas Roberts')  I was not altogether certain, in view of Sharkey's known behaviour that the latter might not have been at the back of Alley's enquiries into the welfare of TAR, Kellar, Dick,and Douglas Roberts. 
('Detective', 'I')  I saw Perfect and Mann about the Detective officers Conference which is to be held in Edinburgh on February 28th, I asked Mann to ascertain what subjects Edinburgh would like us to talk on. 
('Detective', 'I')  Hollis, Marriott and I went up to speak at the annual Scottish Detective Officers' Conference in Edinburgh. 
('Detective', 'I')  -------------- I gave a lecture to Detective Superintendents, which was the first of a series given to officers of this rank, on the assumption that they ultimately have the responsibility for S.B. 
('Detective', 'I')  I had a post mortem on the course with the Detective Superintendents. 
('Denmark', 'Sweden')  Rineanna is rapidly becoming very important traffic centre with lines to Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Holland, Portugal etc. 
('Denmark', 'Sweden')  Norway and Denmark have come into the Atlantic Pact and Sweden is as close to the other Scandinavian countries as she dares she also has fairly close unofficial liaison with this country. 
('Denmark', 'Sweden')  Denmark are very nervous about a German attack on Sweden which might take place via Denmark. 
('Denmark', 'Sweden')  Before going to Sweden he had been in occupied Denmark for over a year. 
('Dalley', 'Malayan')  He has no high-powered agent in the Malayan Communist party and there are strong indications that if, as we intend to do, we put in an informant, Dalley will sabotage him. 
('Dalley', 'Malayan')  He has no high-powered agent in the Malayan Communist party and there are strong indications that if, as we intend to do, we put in an informant, Dalley will sabotage him. 
('Dalley', 'Malayan')  He has no high-powered agent in the Malayan Communist party and there are strong indications that if, as we intend to do, we put in an informant, Dalley will sabotage him. 
('Dalley', 'Malayan')  He feel a general lack of information, but the primary collectors of such information on halayan territory have, of course, been the Malayan Security Service, formerly under Dalley, but not split up into S.B.s of the Malayan Union and Singapore at last. 
('Czechs', 'Poles')  At the D.G's meeting to-day, Dick mentioned the policy of the Home Office, who are naturalising Czechs and Poles somewhat light-heartedly. 
('Czechs', 'Poles')  We know of his contact with the Russians, Czechs, and the Poles, but such is the nature of his work that it is impossible to say, by the ordinary means available to us, when KUH'S work passed from high-grade journalism to espionage. 
('Czechs', 'Poles')  Presumably it was anticipated that a certain number of Russians might escape and get back to this country, when these badges would be used in the same way that those prepared for the Poles, Czechs and other nationalities were ultimately used after D. Day. 
('Czechs', 'Poles')  His view is that the various foreign governments here which now include Poles, Norwegians and Dutch and in a slightly different category the French, Czechs and Belgians, should be responsible for their own nationals and for seeing that they are harnessed into our national effort. 
('Czech', 'Prince')  It was alleged that a good deal of his information related to air matters, and that he obtained details about our production and about our operations through the Head of the Czech Air Force, JANOUSHEK, and that the Czech Minister, Prince LOBKOWITZ, was also involved. 
('Czech', 'Prince')  It was alleged that a good deal of his information related to air matters, and that he obtained details about our production and about our operations through the Head or the Czech Air Force, JANOUSHEK, and that the Czech Minister, Prince LOBKOWITZ, was also involved. 
('Czech', 'Prince')  It was alleged that a good deal of his information related to air matters, and that he obtained details about our production 106 and about our operations through the Head or the Czech Air Force, JANOUSHEK, and that the Czech Minister, Prince LOBKOWITZ, was also involved. 
('Czech', 'Prince')  Prince Lotkovitch's servant who says he is a Czech, has been arrested as a German. 
('Cyrenaica', 'Egypt')  If we go from Palestine about the middle of next year, we could temporarily house our troops in Tripoli and Cyrenaica, but we could not get out of Egypt until some time in 1950. 
('Cyrenaica', 'Egypt')  If we go from Palestine about the middle of next year, we could temporarily house our troops in Tripoli and Cyrenaica, but we could not get out of Egypt until some time in 1950. 
('Cyrenaica', 'Egypt')  If we go from Palestine about the middle of next year, we could temporarily house our troops in Tripoli and Cyrenaica, but we could not get out of Egypt until some time in 1950. 
('Cyrenaica', 'Egypt')  was going to remain in Egypt or remove to Cyrenaica. 
('Cussen', 'Dick Butler')  I have told all this to the D.G., who had previously approved of my seeing Cussen, and subsequently approved of the use or Dick Butler. 
('Cussen', 'Dick Butler')  26th July Cussen and Dick Butler came to discuss the Stephens case with the D.G. 
('Cussen', 'Dick Butler')  I have told all this to the D.G., who had previously approved of my seeing Cussen, and subsequently approved of the use of Dick Butler. 
('Cussen', 'Dick Butler')  26th July Cussen and Dick Butler came to discuss the Stephens case with the D.G. 
('Cussen', 'Dick')  I have told all this to the D.G., who had previously approved of my seeing Cussen, and subsequently approved of the use or Dick Butler. 
('Cussen', 'Dick')  26th July Cussen and Dick Butler came to discuss the Stephens case with the D.G. 
('Cussen', 'Dick')  I have told all this to the D.G., who had previously approved of my seeing Cussen, and subsequently approved of the use of Dick Butler. 
('Cussen', 'Dick')  26th July Cussen and Dick Butler came to discuss the Stephens case with the D.G. 
('Curry', 'Melland')  Melland came over and Curry, Dick, Hart and I had a talk with him. 
('Curry', 'Melland')  He realised however that Curry was really trying to get official backing for Melland in his efforts to paint a rather wider canvas. 
('Curry', 'Melland')  meeting with Curry and decided before proceeding further with the sugsested Committee of ISOS users, to consult Melland. 
('Curry', 'Melland')  934 Curry and I went over to see Melland. 
('Courtney', 'I')  I had a talk with Courtney about the Far East. 
('Courtney', 'I')  He thought that I was worried about the Intelligence coverage as a result of a conversation that I had had with Courtney. 
('Courtney', 'I')  While I was at lunch I saw Courtney Young sitting with a Japanese half-caste whom I suspected to be Donald. 
('Courtney', 'I')  550 I had a discussion with Dick and Courtney Young about making use of YAMADA to find out more about Donald. 
('Courtenay Young', 'I')  I talked to Courtenay Young about [redacted] that the Chinese are anxious to obtain information about our Intelligence Service and other matters. 
('Courtenay Young', 'I')  I discussed with Courtenay Young the Malayan Security Service, which seemed to me to be getting rather across our tracks. 
('Courtenay Young', 'I')  Courtenay Young, I gather, is rather in despair at the inadequacy of his investigatory tools. 
('Courtenay Young', 'I')  Moreover, I foresee certain difficulties for Courtenay Young when he takes over S.I.F.E. 
('Courtenay', 'Lennox')  He, in fact, thought the idea would be of mutual advantage, I saw Lennox and Courtenay, N.I.D. 
('Courtenay', 'Lennox')  Courtenay had apparentlyput Lennox in touch with a Russian named MECHINIKOFF*, who is Naval Air ctache*. 
('Courtenay', 'Lennox')  I saw Lennox and Courtenay, N.I.D. 
('Courtenay', 'Lennox')  Courtenay had apparentlyput Lennox in touch with a Russian named MECHINIKOFE, who is Naval Air attache. 
('Courtenay', 'Kellar')  I discussed with H/SIFE, Kellar and Courtenay two telegrams from Burma relating to the D.S.O. 
('Courtenay', 'Kellar')  I discussed with H/SIFE, Kellar and Courtenay two telegrans from Burma relating to the D.S.O. 
('Courtenay', 'Kellar')  I discussed with H/SITE, Kellar and Courtenay two telegrans from Burma relating to the 150 D.S.O. 
('Courtenay', 'Kellar')  had had a telegram from Gerald Templer regretting that he could not get Dick and turning down Kellar and Courtenay Young. 
('Courtenay', 'Dick')  Dick, Bertram, Clayton, Courtenay, James Robertson and I had a discussion on the liquidation of O.C. 
('Courtenay', 'Dick')  Dick and Courtenay tell me that HUNT, has incurred the displeasure of a number of people in Rangoon, but that Malcom Johnston, in conversation with Sir Gilbert Laithwaite, has temporarily smoothed matters over. 
('Courtenay', 'Dick')  161 I talked to Dick and Courtenay about SIFE, we thought of Magan as successor to Johnston, but came to the conclusion that as he had been moved once from Palestine, it would be impossible to move him again. 
('Courtenay', 'Dick')  had had a telegram from Gerald Templer regretting that he could not get Dick and turning down Kellar and Courtenay Young. 
('Counsel', 'I')  If I found that it was in order, I felt that Captain Moran should inform Colonel Stephens's Counsel of what had been said. 
('Counsel', 'I')  If I found that it was in order, I felt that Captain Moran should inform Colonel Stephens's Counsel of what had been said. 
('Counsel', 'I')  If I found that it was in order, I felt that Captain Moran should infom Colonel Stephens's Counsel of what had been said. 
('Counsel', 'I')  I told him more or less what I thought of the Birkett Committee, which instead of being an impartial tribunal really acted as Counsel for the Defence of the accused. 
('Council', 'Europe')  or NATO and is now employed by the Council of Europe. 
('Council', 'Europe')  Tavistock is of course connected with the British Council for Christian Settlement in Europe which is a mixture of the Link, Nordic League and B.U.F. 
('Council', 'Europe')  On the British Council for Christian Settlement in Europe he said he thought Tavistock was a good fellow but he would have nothing to do with BECKETT who was a crook. 
('Council', 'Europe')  According to our informant it was his intention to get into touch with the German Legation in Dublin regarding certain peace proposals which he is going to put forward in the name of the British Council for Christian Settlement in Europe. 
('Council', 'England')  They began by suspecting her of being identical with a German spy called KROUS, and when they had cleared this up sent her back to the British Council, who repatriated her to England. 
('Council', 'England')  They began by suspecting her of being identical with a German spy called KROUS, and when they had cleared this up sent her back to the British Council, who repatriated her to England. 
('Council', 'England')  They began by suspecting her of being identical with a German spy called KROUS, and when they had cleared this up sent her back to the British Council, who repatriated her to England. 
('Council', 'England')  At a recent meeting of the Fascist Grand Council, Musso was still saying that England was the arch-enemy, but it seems that he had to compromise to some extent as he cannot now sway the fascist Council as formerly. 
('Consuls', 'I')  Satellite Consuls were mostly New Zealand subjects, but I could not ascertain which of them weren't. 
('Consuls', 'I')  In the light of what we now know about one of the Italian Consuls in Canada I think we shall have to consider the search of Italian consulates in a rather different light. 
('Consuls', 'I')  I said that this was not of course satisfactory from a security point of view, that it had been agreed to place the consuls under house arrest and cut off their telephones, the reason being that the consulates were the organising centres of the Fascio and that documentary information had been received that the Fascio in Canada and one of the local Consuls were planning acts of sabotage. 
('Consuls', 'I')  I asked them whether it would do any good if I spoke to External Affairs and impressed them with the dangers of the situation, since we knew perfectly well at home that all the Spanish Consuls were acting for the Germans and that any information which reached Madrid was handed over immediately to the Germans and Japanese. 
('Col', 'Eindhoven')  Corin and Alley came in to tell me that Col. Eindhoven wanted to send 4 or 5 of his officers for attachment here for a longish period. 
('Col', 'Eindhoven')  He mentioned a man called Andrew ?NOEST who is assistant to Rhodes and is thoroughly persona grata with Col. Eindhoven. 
('Col', 'Eindhoven')  Apparently Moyland was very keen that I should go with Alley and Corin and help to smooth over difficulties between Col. Eindhoven and van Angeren. 
('Col', 'Eindhoven')  He says that Col. Eindhoven is running two private jails and that when his prisoners escape he never reports the fact to the police. 
('Codrington', 'I')  I went on afterwards to see Codrington about leakages. 
('Codrington', 'I')  I went over to see Codrington about the P. M. leakage. 
('Codrington', 'I')  I asked Codrington to let me have a copy 686 I went with the D.G. 
('Codrington', 'I')  I am rather glad in a way as it will teach Codrington a lesson in future. 
('Cockcroft', 'Portal')  Perrin thought that we ought to have a meeting with Portal and Cockcroft, and that at this stage we should not call in Rowlands. 
('Cockcroft', 'Portal')  Lord Portal took the Chair and Perrin and Sir John Cockcroft were present. 
('Cockcroft', 'Portal')  We had, however, reviewed all the evidence in the light of this interrogation in conjunction with Lord Portal, Mr. Perrin, and Sir John Cockcroft. 
('Cockcroft', 'Portal')  -------------- I attended a meeting to-day, called by Lord Portal, at which Rowlands, Perrin, and Cockcroft were present. 
('Cockcroft', 'Perrin')  Perrin thought that we ought to have a meeting with Portal and Cockcroft, and that at this stage we should not call in Rowlands. 
('Cockcroft', 'Perrin')  Lord Portal took the Chair and Perrin and Sir John Cockcroft were present. 
('Cockcroft', 'Perrin')  We had, however, reviewed all the evidence in the light of this interrogation in conjunction with Lord Portal, Mr. Perrin, and Sir John Cockcroft. 
('Cockcroft', 'Perrin')  -------------- I attended a meeting to-day, called by Lord Portal, at which Rowlands, Perrin, and Cockcroft were present. 
('Ciano', 'Italy')  Ciano takes the line that as Hitler broke his word not to make war for 3 years Italy is free to break hers. 
('Ciano', 'Italy')  Italy is still divided on the German question, Mussolini, Parranici and Starace are still inclined to stick to the Axis but with reservations, Those in favour of a break are Ciano, Grandi Balbo and the King. 
('Ciano', 'Italy')  Lorraine has had quite a heated discussion with Ciano, who was non-committal about the date when Italy might alter her policy of neutrality. 
('Ciano', 'Italy')  Ciano plays golf with Lorraine, and tells him he is sorry but he feels now that war between England and Italy is inevitable. 
('Charles', 'Roger')  I had a meeting about the war Book with Charles, Dick, Roger and Hill. 
('Charles', 'Roger')  Dick, Roger, Charles and I all felt that this step was organisationally unsound and that if B.3 were manned and the B.3 sections properly staffed the D.G. 
('Charles', 'Roger')  I had a discussion with Horrocks, Charles, Dick and Roger on overseas matters. 
('Charles', 'Roger')  We had a further Directors Meeting, of'Dick, Charles, Roger and myself, Horrocks being away ill. Charles gave us a gloomy picture of his finances. 
('Ceylon', 'Singapore')  I told him that SIFE was now on its legs, that the DSO points at Singapore, Burma and Hong Kong had been set up, and that I felt it was a pity that there was not some link with Ceylon. 
('Ceylon', 'Singapore')  All Intelligence coming from this area would be relevant to the Commanders- in-Chief in Singapore, although they would only have direct responsibility as far north as Hong Kong and as far west as Ceylon. 
('Ceylon', 'Singapore')  Horrocks came to see me on various staff matters He said that there had been some suggestion that U'ren should go to the Far East instead of to Ceylon as it was thought that he might be a suitable successor to Bourne when the latter's term comes to an end, and that U'ren might be better groomed for Delhi in Singapore. 
('Ceylon', 'Singapore')  He said that there had been some suggestion that U'ren should go to the Far East instead of to Ceylon as it was thought that he might be a suitable successor to Bourne when the latter's term comes to an end, and that U'ren might be better groomed for Delhi in Singapore. 
('Cecil', 'Gwyer')  has not received an acknowledgement, Dick, Gwyer, Cecil and I had a meeting to discuss Gwyer's memorandum on Ireland. 
('Cecil', 'Gwyer')  Cecil, Dick, John Gwyer and I discussed John's paper on Ireland to which we have made several amendments. 
('Cecil', 'Gwyer')  Dick, Gwyer, Cecil and I had a meeting to discuss Gwyer's memorandum on Ireland. 
('Cecil', 'Gwyer')  Cecil, Dick, John Gwyer and I discussed John's paper on Ireland to which we have made several amendments. 
('Canal', 'Egypt')  Another major crisis in the last year, which still continues, is in Egypt, where we seem to be moving towards complete military control of the Canal Zone. 
('Canal', 'Egypt')  There are a good many internal political moves going on in Egypt to try and find some alternative Government to that of Nahas, but it is difficult to see how any Government can now survive unless it makes British evacuation from the Canal and Egyptian sovereignty over the Sudan a plank in its platform. 
('Canal', 'Egypt')  If, of course, there is a rupture of relations with Egypt, FOULKES could very well go down to the Canal Zone and would no doubt be extremely useful. 
('Canal', 'Egypt')  Our Ambassador thinks that it would be unwise to make any serious offer to negotiate until it is quite clear that the Government intends to put a stop to all acts of terrorism both in Egypt and in the Canal Zone, He does not, however, wish to wait too long. 
('Cairo', 'I')  I told him that Dick would be looking into the whole question of our representation in Greece as soon as he arrived in Cairo. 
('Cairo', 'I')  I then told the Prime Minister about KOLLEK and explained to him how we had had previous relations with this man in Palestine, and that we were in touch with Agency representatives both in Palestine and in Cairo. 
('Cairo', 'I')  I have suggested to TAR that, in so far as Cairo is concerned, this is a matter for the Head of SIME to look into. 
('Cairo', 'I')  I saw Sir Ralph Stephenson, Ambassador to Cairo, in the D.G's absence, with Shaw. 
('Cabinet', 'Murrie')  I went over to the Cabinet Offices, where I saw Murrie and Burgess, the Establishment officer in the Cabinet Offices. 
('Cabinet', 'Murrie')  We would prefer that Murrie should simply say that on information received, the Cabinet did not think that BODDINGTON was suitable for his present employment, and that the Board of Trade wanted him back. 
('Cabinet', 'Murrie')  I went over to the Cabinet Offices, where I saw Murrie and Burgess, the Establishment officer in the Cabinet Offices. 
('Cabinet', 'Murrie')  We would prefer that Murrie should simply say that on information received, the Cabinet did not think that BODDINGTON was suitable for his present employment, and that the Board of Trade wanted him back. 
('Burt', 'Johnson')  Burt brought in Johnson, who has just been giving instruction in Holland to Einthoven's organisation, at the request of M.I.,6. 
('Burt', 'Johnson')  Burt brought in Johnson, who has just been giving instruction in Holland to Einthoven's organisation, at the request of M.I.6. 
('Burt', 'Johnson')  Burt brought in Johnson, who has just been giving instruction in Holland to Einthoven's organisation, at the request of M.I.6. 
('Burt', 'Johnson')  Kimball is having a talk with Cussen and Burt 750 I had a talk with Kenneth and Kembal Johnson about INTERAVIA and the Swedish Air Lines. 
('Burt', 'HEWITT')  Dick and I had a discussion with Burt to-day, as a result of which he expressed the view that unless authority could be got for the Yard to interview SEAMAN before seeing HEWITT, there was nothing which they could really do; he doubted, moreover, whether anything satisfactory would result even if such interviews should take place. 
('Burt', 'HEWITT')  Burt rang up to say that he had had two interviews with HEWITT, from whom he had now got a clear statement. 
('Burt', 'HEWITT')  Burt showed me various documents which he had obtained from the Express in relation to HEWITT. 
('Burt', 'HEWITT')  Gurrin, the hand- writing expert, had told the Express that he could not say with any certainty what the missing word was, and it seemed highly probable from the enquiries that Burt had made that the original word was "me" and that "Fred" had probably been written over the top of it by HEWITT and then the whole thing erased. 
('Burt', 'FUCHS')  Burt came over, when we had a further discussion about the FUCHS case. 
('Burt', 'FUCHS')  Perrin will summon FUCHS and Burt will make the arrest. 
('Burt', 'FUCHS')  -------------- Owing to delays in framing the charges against FUCHS, Burt did not arrive at Shell Mex House until 3.45. 
('Burt', 'FUCHS')  According to what we heard from Burt afterwards, FUCHS was not in any sense in a communicative mood; he seemed stunned by events. 
('Burt', 'Dick')  I went and saw Burt and told him the story of MENON, and Dick Butier. 
('Burt', 'Dick')  I told Burt to speak to Dick who had more up-to-date information. 
('Burt', 'Dick')  Dick and I had a discussion with Burt to-day, as a result of which he expressed the view that unless authority could be got for the Yard to interview SEAMAN before seeing HEWITT, there was nothing which they could really do; he doubted, moreover, whether anything satisfactory would result even if such interviews should take place. 
('Burt', 'Dick')  Meanwhile I learned that Burt had approached Skardon, evidently rather hurt that the renewal of the suggestion that Jones Bhould lecture had not come to him through Dick White or myself. 
('Burt', 'Canada')  Burt came in to tell me about MAY whom he interviewed yesterday, the COREY Case having broker in Canada. 
('Burt', 'Canada')  He took his usual line and intimated that since the last interview MAY would have noticed from the press that a good deal was going on in Canada and in fact that what Burt had told him was true. 
('Burt', 'Canada')  Burt came to see me about has offered information about a man called o' TOERE, said to be coming here from Canada to visit MOSLEY. 
('Burt', 'Canada')  I said that I hardly thought it worth while pressing the Air Ministry to get us a seat on the plane for Burt to go to Canada and America, until we had made an attempt here to clear up the case through the interrogation of various Poles who have travelledon Sikorski's plane. 
('Burma', 'Malaya')  We all thought that if external censorship could be maintained in Burma and Malaya for the time being, there might be considerable advantages. 
('Burma', 'Malaya')  From the defence point of view, Burma should not be regarded as a top priority at the moment, since she did not provide the best road down to Malaya. 
('Burma', 'Malaya')  Apart from this, the cessation of hostilities in Korea is almost certain to lead to Chinese activity elsewhere, particularly in Indo-China, Burma, Malaya, and possibly Hong Kong. 
('Burma', 'Malaya')  The position in Burma has seriously deteriorated during the last year, and so has the situation in Malaya. 
('Burma', 'Harrison')  He seems to be quite confirtably* settled in the country and he is prepared to wait until [missing] He thinks that we are on a very favourable wicket in Burma, and that it would be a mistake, at any rate for the time being, to move John Harrison, who is doing extremely well. 
('Burma', 'Harrison')  He seems to be quite Confirtably settled in the country and he is prepared to wait until he thinks that we are on a very favourable wicket in Burma, and that it would be a mistake, at any rate for the time being, to move John Harrison, who is doing extremely well. 
('Burma', 'Harrison')  He seems to be quite confirtably settled in the country and he is prepared to wait until 111 He thinks that we are on a very favourable wicket in Burma, and that it would be a mistake, at any rate for the time being, to move John Harrison, who is doing extremely well. 
('Burma', 'Harrison')  General Maxwell-Crais said that a [missing] who was a member of his lir Survey Company, had just returned from Burma where he appears to have seen Harrison and had a certain amount or in- formation to impart. 
('Burma', 'Burmese')  We have had a telegram from Burma, saying that our position there has been accepted by the Burmese Government. 
('Burma', 'Burmese')  We have had a telegram from Burma, saying that our position there has been accepted by the Burmese Government. 
('Burma', 'Burmese')  We have had a telegram from Burma, saying that our position there has been accepted by the Burmese Government. 
('Burma', 'Burmese')  Lloyd of the Foreign Office stated that the situation in Burma war becoming increasingly obscure now that the Karens appear to have consolidated their position both in Central and North Burma, as well as in the South, Accoring to Lloyd the Burmese are only in complete control of the immediate area surrounding Rangoon at the present time. 
('Bureau', 'Commonwealth')  DMI has set up Commonwealth Intelligence Bureau in Washington which will include the Australians and Canadians. 
('Bureau', 'Commonwealth')  This would seem to make it even more important that we should have a represen- tative in the Commonwealth Invesitgation* Bureau, who would be linked to S.I.F.E. 
('Bureau', 'Commonwealth')  This would seem to make it even more important that we should have a represen- tative in the Commonwealth Invesitgation Bureau, who would be linked to S.I.F.E. 
('Bureau', 'Commonwealth')  This would seem to make it even more important that we should have a represen- tative in the Commonwealth Invesitgation Bureau, who would be linked to S.I.F.E. 
('Bureau', 'Comintern')  There is a certain amount of evidence to show that Paris is becoming a kind of Comintern centre, somewhat the lines of the Western European Bureau of the Comintern, which in the 20's was situa- ted in Berlin. 
('Bureau', 'Comintern')  He visited Scandinavia for the Comintern and was in England working on behalf of its Organisation Bureau in 1929. 
('Bureau', 'Comintern')  His mission was separate from that of NOULLENS @ Paul RUEGG, who was subsequently arrested as Head of the Far Eastern Bureau of the Comintern. 
('Bureau', 'Comintern')  checked up at New York and discovered a man called EDEL who answered to the description, and on looking at his photograph they detected a strong likeness to NOULLENS @ RUEGG, the Soviet agent who in the thirties had run the Far Eastern Bureau for the Comintern in Shanghai. 
('Briscoe', 'Hedger')  November 14th I had a meeting with Briscoe Cumming, Grogan and Hedger about the definition of functions between Hedger's laboratory and Censorship testing in time of war. 
('Briscoe', 'Hedger')  He does not think that, as recommended by Briscoe, Hedger should be paid on a basis equivalent to that of a Senior officer. 
('Briscoe', 'Hedger')  For a long time Hedger has hotly resented Briscoe's appointment; his line is that Briscoe never comes near him, etc. 
('Briscoe', 'Hedger')  In fact Briscoe keeps away because he realises that Hedger does not want him. 
('Brazzaville', 'Mason')  I could not see, therefore, how a report by the new British Consul in Brazzaville, Mason, was likely to affect things. 
('Brazzaville', 'Mason')  I told [redacted] in view of these incidents, that the view held by the Foreign Office was that unless there were a change of heart and some indication that the local authorities were prepared to collaborate with the new Consul-General, Mr. Mason, who had just gone out to Brazzaville, little advantage could result from the appointment of an S.D.E.C.E. 
('Brazzaville', 'Mason')  [redacted] said that he was going to Paris this week-end and that he would do his best to see if there was not some way in which his organisation could induce the local authorities in Brazzaville to be more forthcoming in their dealings with Mr. Mason. 
('Brazzaville', 'Mason')  While the official reply might not be very helpful, since the French still did not understand the reason for Coate's visit, he would certainly do everything he could to smooth things over in Brazzaville and to see that Mason, the British Consul, got a fair deal. 
('Brazzaville', 'Dakar')  Stephens' working liaison, apart from his connections with Governors and other high officials, has been with [redacted] in Dakar and [redacted] in Brazzaville. 
('Brazzaville', 'Dakar')  In this capacity they have access to a certain amount of information procured by the local representatives of D.E.C., Colonel [redacted] in Dakar and Commandant [redacted] in Brazzaville. 
('Brazzaville', 'Dakar')  liaison officer in Accra might just possibly improve the flow of Information between ourselves and the French, and might well save us a number of journeys between Accra, Brazzaville and Dakar. 
('Brazzaville', 'Dakar')  [redacted] did not entirely see the force of this argument, since our liaison on these matters both in Dakar and Brazzaville was already agreed, and the present proposal for a representative of the S.D.E.C.E. 
('Bourne', 'Singapore')  Horrocks came to see me on various staff matters He said that there had been some suggestion that U'ren should go to the Far East instead of to Ceylon as it was thought that he might be a suitable successor to Bourne when the latter's term comes to an end, and that U'ren might be better groomed for Delhi in Singapore. 
('Bourne', 'Singapore')  I said that I felt a little doubtful about this as we already had 2 Indian policement in Singapore and were sending a third, and that meanwhile Bourne seemed to be doing well and would be prepared to stay on on a six monthly basis if we wanted him. 
('Bourne', 'Singapore')  He said that there had been some suggestion that U'ren should go to the Far East instead of to Ceylon as it was thought that he might be a suitable successor to Bourne when the latter's term comes to an end, and that U'ren might be better groomed for Delhi in Singapore. 
('Bourne', 'Singapore')  I said that I felt a little doubtful about this as we already had 2 Indian policement in Singapore and were sending a third, and that meanwhile Bourne seemed to be doing well and would be prepared to stay on on a six monthly basis if we wanted him. 
('Bourne', 'Sanjevi')  I telegraphed to Bourne telling him that I shall be sending him a copy of my letter, and suggesting that it was for consideration whether it should not be shown both to Sanjevi and to Ahmed. 
('Bourne', 'Sanjevi')  The letter should be shown by Bourne to Sanjevi and to our own High Commissioner, and a copy of it should be sent to the High Commissioner to Pakistan to show to Ahmed and, if he thought fit, to Liaqat Ali, who had sent for the editor of the Pakistan Times. 
('Bourne', 'Sanjevi')  I telegraphed to Bourne, telling him that I shall be sending him a copy of my letter, and suggesting that it was for consideration whether it should not be shown both to Sanjevi and to Ahmed. 
('Bourne', 'Sanjevi')  The letter should be shown by Bourne to Sanjevi and to our own High Commissioner, and a copy of it should be sent to the High Commissioner to Pakistan to show to Ahmed and, if he thought fit, to Liaqat Ali, who had sent for the editor of the Pakistan Times. 
('Bourne', 'Jenkin')  A telegram has come in from Bourne, drawing our attention to the publication in the Pakist Times of September 4th of a facsimile of a letter,dated July 8th, written by "George" Jenkin to myself on the subject of our liaison with Pakistan, This had been written up in a leader, implying that there was some spy plot of the British to sabotage the Palcistan Govern- ment. 
('Bourne', 'Jenkin')  I have also suggested that someone, other than Bourne,might think it advisable to get in touch with Jenkin, who is at present at the Cecil Hotel, Simlar he would obviously be the best person to advise as to how the matter should best be handled. 
('Bourne', 'Jenkin')  A telegram has come in from Bourne, drawing our attention to the publication in the Pakistan Times of September 4th of a facsimile of a letter,dated July 8th, written by "George" Jenkin to myself on the subject of our liaison with Pakistan. 
('Bourne', 'Jenkin')  I have also suggested that someone, other than Bourne,might think it advisable to get in touch with Jenkin, who is at present at the Cecil Hotel, Simlar he would obviously be the best person to advise as to how the matter should best be handled. 
('Bourne', 'Delhi')  Bourne leaves to-day for Delhi. 
('Bourne', 'Delhi')  Horrocks came to see me on various staff matters He said that there had been some suggestion that U'ren should go to the Far East instead of to Ceylon as it was thought that he might be a suitable successor to Bourne when the latter's term comes to an end, and that U'ren might be better groomed for Delhi in Singapore. 
('Bourne', 'Delhi')  Bourne leaves to-day for Delhi. 
('Bourne', 'Delhi')  He said that there had been some suggestion that U'ren should go to the Far East instead of to Ceylon as it was thought that he might be a suitable successor to Bourne when the latter's term comes to an end, and that U'ren might be better groomed for Delhi in Singapore. 
('Boddington', 'Phillips')  Phillips, A.D.N.I., came over for a dis- cussion with F-J, Boddington and myself about setting up some machinery by which the Navy could be kept informed of the re- actions of the fleet to Admiralty orders, Phillips and the D.N.I. 
('Boddington', 'Phillips')  Phillips said he thought that was a fair estimate of the position I said that we would do all we could to supply the information he required, and that I would send Boddington down to Portsmouth towards the end of next week, and that he might also be able to visit Plymouth. 
('Boddington', 'Phillips')  Phillips, A.D.N.I., came over for a dis- cussion with F-J, Boddington and myself about setting up some machinery by which the Navy could be kept informed of the re- actions of the fleet to Admiralty orders, Phillips and the D.N.I. 
('Boddington', 'Phillips')  Phillips, A.D.N.I., came over for a dis- cussion with F-J, Boddington and myself about setting up some machinery by which the Navy could be kept informed of the re- actions of the fleet to Admiralty orders. 
('Bob', 'I')  We had previously had a discussion with Trafford Smith on Quili's report on Palestine, The outcome is an attempt by the Colonial Office to obtain the services of Bob NEWTON, a Palestinian expert, at present undergoing the I.D.C. 
('Bob', 'I')  The outcome is an attempt by the Colonial Office to obtain the services of Bob NEWTON, a Palestinian expert, at present undergoing the I.D.C. 
('Bob', 'I')  He said that had had an interview with Bob STAART, that he had been told to hand in his cards, but that he would still continue to pay his dues through a Liss What actually caused Burt to tell me this at this stage I moved not know. 
('Bob', 'I')  I learned off the record from Thistle, who has seen something of Bob Lamphere, that my estimate of Hoover is not very wide of the mark. 
('Blenheim', 'I')  I was left with an officer whom I could not trust on personal grounds and concerning whose work I was not satisfied and nothing was being done to mitigate the difficulties of physical separation, except a suegestion difficult to carry out that I should visit Blenheim more often. 
('Blenheim', 'I')  I went to Blenheim this afternoon and attended the S.C.O. 
('Blenheim', 'I')  I remained on at Blenheim for the S.C.O.S dinner when I had long conversations until after midnight with MacPhail, Clayton Brown etc. 
('Blenheim', 'I')  August 14th I arrived back from Blenheim at midday after having seen Jock Whyte's section. 
('Birkett', 'I')  I told him more or less what I thought of the Birkett Committee, which instead of being an impartial tribunal really acted as Counsel for the Defence of the accused. 
('Birkett', 'I')  While on the subject of Fascists I drew Lori Swinton's attention to the attitude of M. Norman Birkett. 
('Birkett', 'I')  I told Lord Swinton that Sneath was going up to see Birkett and that if the interview was unsatisfactory I would let him know. 
('Birkett', 'I')  I told Wood that Birkett had been a thorn in our side since the beginning of the war and had I known he was coming to Canada I would certainly have given him a warning, Wood got in a representative of the department of Justice who was apparently responsible for handling internment policy. 
('Bevin', 'Cyrenaica')  Off the record, Hayter told us that the Chiefs of Staff had instructed Bevin to go all out for Cyrenaica, which if we got it would be our Middle Eastern base. 
('Bevin', 'Cyrenaica')  It seems to that Bevin will have a difficult job, since the moment he asks for Cyrenaica, the Russians will ask for Tripoli. 
('Bevin', 'Cyrenaica')  Off the record, Hayter told us that the Chiefs of Staff had instructed Bevin to go all out for Cyrenaica, which if we got it would be our Middle Eastern base. 
('Bevin', 'Cyrenaica')  It seems to that Bevin will have a difficult job, since the moment he asks for Cyrenaica, the Russians will ask for Tripoli. 
('Bevan', 'Lennox')  Burt came to tell me that he had had a visit from Lennox who was asking about McCARTNEY and Bevan. 
('Bevan', 'Lennox')  Later I attended a meeting with D.D.G., Lennox and Bevan. 
('Bevan', 'Lennox')  called me down to a talk with Bevan and Lennox. 
('Bevan', 'Lennox')  I had a talk with Bevan, T. A. R., L. Hale, Lennox, Dick,Brooman-White and Harris and Marriott on the subject of co-ordinating misinformation. 
('Berlin', 'England')  When visiting Berlin and Moscow and after his return, he gathered that the Germans had opened a section of their Intelligence Service to deal with England. 
('Berlin', 'England')  On the 26th July Transocean, Berlin, asked Santiago, Chile, to obtain from their correspondents in England news about the prevailing mood in this country. 
('Berlin', 'England')  Unreliable information said come from an agent in England is being passed by Madrid to Berlin. 
('Berlin', 'England')  The German S.S. in Spain have been asked by Berlin to supply a cover address in Spain to nich a Dutch seaman shortly to leave for England may write. 
('Bennett', 'I')  I said that I thought things had worked extremely well: there had been a certain amount of trouble over an attempt by Bennett to create a bottle neck for all matters affecting the Admiralty: this we had strongly resisted, since we felt that all sections of this office ought to be in direct touch with their opposite numbers in N.I.D. 
('Bennett', 'I')  I said that I thought things had worked extremely well: there had been a certain amount of trouble over an attempt by Bennett to create a bottle neck for all matters affecting the Admiralty: this we had strongly resisted, since we felt that all sections of this office ought to be in direct touch with their opposite numbers in N.I.D. 
('Bennett', 'I')  I had a meeting with Bennett, the two Hills, Baynter and Mitchell to discuss the question of warning factory managers in the case of technicials who were dismissed on the grounds of subversion. 
('Bennett', 'I')  I had a talk this afternoon with Joe Archer Bennett and Victor. 
('Belgian', 'Polish')  Marriott and TAR came to talk to me about [missing] a Belgian, who has the appearance of being a Soviet agent sent here to obtain information about Russian and Polish emigres. 
('Belgian', 'Polish')  Marriott and TAR came to talk to me about a Belgian, who has the appea race or being a Soviet agent sent here to obtain information about Russian and Polish emigres. 
('Belgian', 'Polish')  Marriott and TAR came to talk to me about a Belgian, who has the appearance of being a Soviet agent sent here to obtain information about Russian and Polish emigres. 
('Belgian', 'Polish')  864 who had arrived here, 12 were Norwegians, 8 Lutch, 8 Belgian, 5 Spanish, 5 German, 6 British, 4 Portuguese, 3 French, 3 vuban 2 Swedish, 2 Russian, 2 Yugoslav, 2 Polish one Greek, one Czech, one Swiss and one Danish. 
('Belgian', 'Belgium')  The Belgian delegate, M. Walravens, spoke of similar rumours which had been circulating in Belgium and which had definitely been traced back to Communist sources, (A propos of these remarks, I recollected that from an account of a conversation between the Prime Minister and Adenaeur, when the latter was in this country a few weeks ago, it was clear that Adenaeur had been extremely worried lest we should come to some kind or unilateral agreement with Russia which would be detrimental to German interests. 
('Belgian', 'Belgium')  On Jan. 8th Halifax told the Belgian Minister that we had certain information from Italian and other secret sources that the project for the invasion of Holland and Belgium had not been abandoned and might take place in Feb. 
('Belgian', 'Belgium')  Feeling in Holland and Belgium is very strongly anti-German, Van Oorschott is of opinion that if an attack is launched through Maastrecht, the Dutch will fight and fall back on the Belgian positions, which are very strong. 
('Belgian', 'Belgium')  It appeas that he has been for some time past in Belgium but returned recently to Lisbon, intending to proceed to the Belgian Congo. 
('Barton', 'I')  I spoke to Juxon Barton to-day at the J.I.C. 
('Barton', 'I')  I saw Brigadier Mellor and Colonel Barton to-day. 
('Barton', 'I')  -------------- I attended a meeting at the Foreign office on 11.10.50, at which Reilly took the chair, Barton represented the Colonial Office, and Cotton the African section of the Foreign Office. 
('Barton', 'I')  I say Luke, Goresuch, Johnson, and Barton of the Colonial Office, when I told then the purpose of my visit to West Africa. 
('Bamford', 'Jenkin')  Paddy Bamford came to tell me that he had heard from Sir William Jenkin that the C.R.O. 
('Bamford', 'Jenkin')  Bamford also told me that Jenkin was quite anxious to join us and take on U'ren's job when he left. 
('Bamford', 'Jenkin')  Bamford tells me that Sir William Jenkin is likely to accept the job of Inspector of Police in Malaya. 
('Bamford', 'Jenkin')  -------------- Jack Morton and Bamford came to see me about a request from George Jenkin that we should find him a man with a certain knowledge of business and, above all, intelligence work who could be placed in some firm in Singapore and build up a secret network in Malaya. 
('Bamford', 'India')  Had a meeting with Vivian, Cohen, Maltby, Dick and Paddy Bamford at Broadway on the subject of the future of Intelligence from India, After a good deal of talk it was agreed that we had to prepare for the worst; that Maltby should proceed straight away to try and recruit some suitable wireless operators, who. 
('Bamford', 'India')  111 We had a meeting about India, at which Vickery, Bamford, Vivian, Dick and myself were present. 
('Bamford', 'India')  We had a meeting on India with Dick, Vickery, Bamford and Vivian. 
('Bamford', 'India')  We had a meeting on India with Dick, Vickery, Bamford and Vivian. 
('Bagot', 'Communism')  Miss Bagot talked to me to-day about foreign Communism generally. 
('Bagot', 'Communism')  I talked to Miss Bagot and Kitchin about an African paper on Communism, the draft of which has been put up by the J.I.O. 
('Bagot', 'Communism')  -------------- I discussed with Miss Bagot and Kitchin further revisions to the paper on Communism in Africa. 
('Bagot', 'Communism')  -------------- I had a meeting with Hamblen, Miss Bagot, and Serpell about the Foreign Office proposal that in future when any Department is about to write a paper on any aspect of Communism, the facts should be noted to Reilly, so that other Departments can either contribute or stake a claim as users. 
('BURGESS', 'WARNER')  It emerged during the discussion that the relationship between BURGESS and Fred WARNER at that time would tend to confirm that the word erased and deciphered by the Daily Express as "Fred" almost certainly referred to Fred WARNER. 
('BURGESS', 'WARNER')  Dick tells me that there has been a considerable flap in the Foreign office about the article which "Time" and "Life" wished to publish relating to HEWITT, BURGESS, BLUNT and WARNER. 
('BURGESS', 'WARNER')  The suggestion was that the Police should interview HEWITT and also SEAMAN of the Daily Express, who is said to have had an interview with HEWITT in which the latter said that he was 'shared' by BURGESS, WARNER and BLUNT. 
('BURGESS', 'WARNER')  It is quite clear that the Daily Express in publishing the letter written by BURGESS and purporting to implicate WARNER of the Foreign Office was in part a forgery. 
('BURGESS', 'Tangier')  I saw Mills to-day and asked him to give me a brief account of his association with Guy BURGESS, when the latter visited Gibraltar and Tangier in November last. 
('BURGESS', 'Tangier')  BURGESS said he was going on to Tangier and asked about currency. 
('BURGESS', 'Tangier')  Before leaving for Tangier, BURGESS rang up Mills and said he was not really sure about de ROHAN or Mrs. OLIVER and that they might, in fact, be up to anything. 
('BURGESS', 'Tangier')  Ten days later, when Mills was in Tangier, he met BURGESS at a hotel where he was having a drink with one of his contacts. 
('BURGESS', 'Princess')  BURGESS said that he could not possibly have said anything of the kind to the Princess de ROHAN or Mrs. OLIVER, as in fact he did not know until I told him that Mills [redacted]. 
('BURGESS', 'Princess')  From what he said, I do not think that BURGESS regarded the Princess de ROHAN as being wholly outside the family, in view of the fact that she had been in charge of Swiss affairs at the M. of I. during the war. 
('BURGESS', 'Princess')  When I talked to BURGESS about [redacted] incident, he said he remembered the discussion well: it had started by the Princess de ROHAN saying to him that she knew [redacted] to be mutual friend, what an excellent he was, and what splendid work he had done for the Allies during the war, and for her in particular. 
('BURGESS', 'Princess')  As was subsequently learned from Princess de ROHAN, BURGESS spent an evening with her and Mrs. OLIVER in their room, where he got very drunk at their. 
('BURGESS', 'HEWITT')  Anthony says that later on HEWITT remarked that there was not only his own correspondence but a considerable amount belonging to BURGESS in the case. 
('BURGESS', 'HEWITT')  Our only interest in the case is really to ascertain whether there are any documents in the possession of WOODS or HEWITT which might have some further bearing on the case against BURGESS, Skardon agreed, however, to see BLUNT in order to get further details of the story. 
('BURGESS', 'HEWITT')  Dick tells me that there has been a considerable flap in the Foreign office about the article which "Time" and "Life" wished to publish relating to HEWITT, BURGESS, BLUNT and WARNER. 
('BURGESS', 'HEWITT')  The suggestion was that the Police should interview HEWITT and also SEAMAN of the Daily Express, who is said to have had an interview with HEWITT in which the latter said that he was 'shared' by BURGESS, WARNER and BLUNT. 
('BRUNCK', 'Ned')  I saw Ned Reid about BRUNCK, who according to Padgham has been paying Schultzer-Bernett the head of the German S.S. in Holland. 
('BRUNCK', 'Ned')  Ned said that he had known BRUNCK since 1926 and was on very intimate terms with him, although he did not have a very good opinion of his bona fides. 
('BRUNCK', 'Ned')  After the revolution BRUNCK formed a company called the - Finanz Komptor in Berlin, which Ned found to be a mushroom concern. 
('BRUNCK', 'Ned')  was confirmed by a conversation by Ned with the Reichskredit Gesellschaft where a friend of his told him that a mutual acquaintance BRUNCK had just been calling upon him. 
('BODDINGTON', 'Murrie')  We would prefer that Murrie should simply say that on information received, the Cabinet did not think that BODDINGTON was suitable for his present employment, and that the Board of Trade wanted him back. 
('BODDINGTON', 'Murrie')  D.D.G.Meeting (see folder) 39 Murrie and Drew came to see me about BODDINGTON, I got Hollis down, who gave them the full picture. 
('BODDINGTON', 'Murrie')  We would prefer that Murrie should simply say that on information received, the Cabinet did not think that BODDINGTON was suitable for his present employment, and that the Board of Trade wanted him back. 
('BODDINGTON', 'Murrie')  D.D.G.Meeting (see folder) 39 Murrie and Drew came to see me about BODDINGTON. 
('BLUNT', 'I')  Yesterday I received a call from Anthony BLUNT, who wanted if possible to see me. 
('BLUNT', 'I')  I saw James Robertson, Simkins and Skardon and told them about my interview with BLUNT. 
('BLUNT', 'I')  I rang up BLUNT and told him so. 
('BLUNT', 'I')  While I believe that BLUNT dabbled in Communism, I still think it unlikely that he ever became a member. 
('BLUNT', 'HEWITT')  BLUNT, knowing the state of mind in which HEWITT was at that time, agreed to pay, borrowing the money for the moment from Tommy HARRIS. 
('BLUNT', 'HEWITT')  Our only interest in the case is really to ascertain whether there are any documents in the possession of WOODS or HEWITT which might have some further bearing on the case against BURGESS, Skardon agreed, however, to see BLUNT in order to get further details of the story. 
('BLUNT', 'HEWITT')  Dick tells me that there has been a considerable flap in the Foreign office about the article which "Time" and "Life" wished to publish relating to HEWITT, BURGESS, BLUNT and WARNER. 
('BLUNT', 'HEWITT')  The suggestion was that the Police should interview HEWITT and also SEAMAN of the Daily Express, who is said to have had an interview with HEWITT in which the latter said that he was 'shared' by BURGESS, WARNER and BLUNT. 
('Australia', 'Zealand')  It was felt that the outer area should include India, China, Japan ( and most of the Pacific up to Honolulu), Australia, New Zealand and Indonesia. 
('Australia', 'Zealand')  Kenneth Strong has just come back from the Far East, where he visited both Australia and New Zealand. 
('Australia', 'Zealand')  Perhaps the only bright spots in the area are New Zealand and, to some extent, Australia, who have brought in a Conservative Government prepared to take a strong line against the Communists. 
('Australia', 'Zealand')  New Zealand has no Security Service and Australia, under considerable pain, having only just given birth to one; the infant is a bit rickety!. 
('Australia', 'External Affairs')  Sheddon is the really strong man in Australia and, in fact, controls the Chiefs of Staff: this leads to a certain amount of friction, particularly with External Affairs The case of BLACKETT was discussed, but after a speech by Elmhirst on his behalf, who said that it had the support of Tedder it was decided to recommend against his appointment to the Advisory Panel on scientific matters. 
('Australia', 'External Affairs')  The Department for External Affairs in Australia is probably responsible. 
('Australia', 'External Affairs')  The Department for External Affairs in Australia is probably responsible. 
('Australia', 'External Affairs')  The Department for External Affairs in Australia is probably responsible. 
('Australia', 'Courtenay')  Courtenay will be offered Australia. 
('Australia', 'Courtenay')  This is most unfortunate, since it may be interpreted as meaning that Courtenay is running a secret service of his own in Australia. 
('Australia', 'Courtenay')  Courtenay has written two amusing D.Os which gave a vivid picture of the new Security Service in Australia in action. 
('Australia', 'Courtenay')  -------------- I had a long talk with Courtenay, who has returned for a few weeks from Australia. 
('Attorney', 'I')  I had a talk with him and also with his wife and with Francis Biddle, the American Attorney General and principal American representative on the Bench. 
('Attorney', 'I')  I told Burt about our troubles with the Attorney General. 
('Attorney', 'I')  I saw Mr. Harrison, Attorney-General of Jersey, who had been very co-operative on the occasion of Perfect's visit to the Island. 
('Attorney', 'I')  I did not think it was possible to lay in any hard and fast rule, In the present case I did not think there was need to consult the D. of P.P., but in other cases it might be important to carry him, since it is he who has to advise the Attorney General. 
('Atomic Energy', 'I')  I outlined to him what I felt to be the proper course of action for ourselves for dealing with the security of Atomic Energy, and in particular I told him that it was essential that we should first learn where experimental work was going on, what new developments were in the wind, and then try and get useful contacts in the various labs, who would know something of the daily life and political views of those employed. 
('Atomic Energy', 'I')  I had a meeting with D.C., C.2, Martin and James Robertson about the FUCHS case, to try and clear our minds before high-level meeting to-morrow with Atomic Energy. 
('Atomic Energy', 'I')  On the whole I felt it might be better to try and edge FUCHS out and find him some other suitable job, rather than make any attempt to get him to confess, but this must be a question for Atomic Energy to decide. 
('Atomic Energy', 'I')  These drafts were subsequently considered at a meeting of the Atomic Energy Commission, which Dick and I attended. 
('Atomic Energy', 'FUCHS')  I had a meeting with D.C., C.2, Martin and James Robertson about the FUCHS case, to try and clear our minds before high-level meeting to-morrow with Atomic Energy. 
('Atomic Energy', 'FUCHS')  On the whole I felt it might be better to try and edge FUCHS out and find him some other suitable job, rather than make any attempt to get him to confess, but this must be a question for Atomic Energy to decide. 
('Atomic Energy', 'FUCHS')  He has testified before the Congressional Committee on Atomic Energy and told them, off the record, that FUCHS had made a confession. 
('Atomic Energy', 'FUCHS')  The Russians have gained two victories; one in getting information from FUCHS, and two, in depriving Atomic Energy of the services of one of its most valuable people. 
('Atomic', 'I')  I outlined to him what I felt to be the proper course of action for ourselves for dealing with the security of Atomic Energy, and in particular I told him that it was essential that we should first learn where experimental work was going on, what new developments were in the wind, and then try and get useful contacts in the various labs, who would know something of the daily life and political views of those employed. 
('Atomic', 'I')  I had a meeting with D.C., C.2, Martin and James Robertson about the FUCHS case, to try and clear our minds before high-level meeting to-morrow with Atomic Energy. 
('Atomic', 'I')  On the whole I felt it might be better to try and edge FUCHS out and find him some other suitable job, rather than make any attempt to get him to confess, but this must be a question for Atomic Energy to decide. 
('Atomic', 'I')  These drafts were subsequently considered at a meeting of the Atomic Energy Commission, which Dick and I attended. 
('Atomic', 'FUCHS')  I had a meeting with D.C., C.2, Martin and James Robertson about the FUCHS case, to try and clear our minds before high-level meeting to-morrow with Atomic Energy. 
('Atomic', 'FUCHS')  On the whole I felt it might be better to try and edge FUCHS out and find him some other suitable job, rather than make any attempt to get him to confess, but this must be a question for Atomic Energy to decide. 
('Atomic', 'FUCHS')  He has testified before the Congressional Committee on Atomic Energy and told them, off the record, that FUCHS had made a confession. 
('Atomic', 'FUCHS')  The Russians have gained two victories; one in getting information from FUCHS, and two, in depriving Atomic Energy of the services of one of its most valuable people. 
('Atlantic', 'Norway')  Hollis tells me that we have now been charged with a mission to examine, on behalf of the Atlantic Pact Powers, the security of Italy, Portugal, Denmark, Norway and Iceland. 
('Atlantic', 'Norway')  rang up about the vetting of Security Services in Italy, Portugal, Denmark and Norway, which we have under taken under the Atlantic Pact. 
('Atlantic', 'Norway')  Norway and Denmark have come into the Atlantic Pact and Sweden is as close to the other Scandinavian countries as she dares she also has fairly close unofficial liaison with this country. 
('Atlantic', 'Norway')  seems to have made some kind of approach to Norway about the possible necessity of occupying Norwegian ports in case the Russians or Germans attempt to get a footing on the Atlantic. 
('Asst', 'I')  I lunched with Asst. 
('Asst', 'I')  His subordinates whom I saw are Asst. 
('Asst', 'I')  I had a final word w th Wood and also with Asst. 
('Asst', 'I')  October 31st I saw Rogers and asked him to consider the job of Asst. 
('Arnold', 'I')  I lunched with [redacted] who has taken over Arnold-Forster's job in SIS. 
('Arnold', 'I')  7th October 1946 I sent to see the P.M. at his request in order to give him further information about the British Peoples Party and Arnold LEESE. 
('Arnold', 'I')  I had a fairly long discussion with Arnold about the security of RDF. 
('Arnold', 'I')  I had a long talk with Arnold and [obfuscated] Arnold performs two functions on the intel- ligence side. 
('Arnold', 'Harwell')  The alternative was to say nothing, which seemed to me undesirable - the more so since Arnold the Security Officer at Harwell, would be putting in his comments which might be some- what unbalanced. 
('Arnold', 'Harwell')  The alternative was to say nothing, which seemed to me undesirable - the more so since Arnold the Security Officer at Harwell, would be putting in his comments which might be some- what unbalanced. 
('Arnold', 'Harwell')  The alternative was to say nothing, which seemed to me undesirable - the more so since Arnold the Security Officer at Harwell, would be putting in his comments which might be some- what unbalanced. 
('Arnold', 'Harwell')  if he could say that he was told that he could remain at Harwell if he made a complete confession and that he acted on that motive in making his statement both to ourselves and to Arnold, a prosecution would be extremely difficult if not out of the question. 
('Arnold', 'FUCHS')  The point has been reached where FUCHS himself has come forward and informed Arnold that his father has been offered a Professorship in the Eastern Zone. 
('Arnold', 'FUCHS')  Arnold put it to FUCHS that this created a somewhat awkward situation - supposing the Russians got hold of his father, presssure might be exerted on FUCHS to disclose what he knew. 
('Arnold', 'FUCHS')  The D.G's suggestion is that Arnold should have another talk with FUCHS, in which the subject of connection with the Russians should be introduced; he might even be asked whether he had, or had had any connections with them. 
('Arnold', 'FUCHS')  still seemed to think that Arnold should interrogate FUCHS further, and that our real objective was to get evidence for a conviction. 
('Archer', 'Dublin')  Dulanty quite appreciated the position and said that he would say a word to Dublin and forward on our letter to Archer. 
('Archer', 'Dublin')  Archer has sent me a personal letter about British soldiers, sailors and airmen appearing in Dublin in uniform. 
('Archer', 'Dublin')  should be officially informed through Maffey about the illicit wireless station near Dublin and that we should simultaneously inform Archer, asking him to let us have full details in due course. 
('Archer', 'Dublin')  It has been found that the addressee is the Spanish Minister in Dublin and Archer is convinced that it is a case of love, and says that the Minister's wife is one of those austere Spaniards who would drive any man into the arms of a mistress, Cecil has replied to Archer that as the lady is in Hamburg "Immer Warten" is perhaps a more appropriate pseudonym than "Sieger Werden". 
('Anthony', 'Padgham')  Anthony tells me that the Control Commission have done nothing about Padgham although they had a letter which I sent out to Dick for the DG's signature when he was in Germany, advancing Padgham's claim for some form of employment in military government. 
('Anthony', 'Padgham')  Anthony is worried about Padgham. 
('Anthony', 'Padgham')  Dick, Curry, Anthony and I discussed the case of Padgham. 
('Anthony', 'Padgham')  I suggested that Dick and Anthony should put all the facts to Vansi ttart and get his backing for our point of view, Since Van's advice carried great weight with Padgham. 
('Ankara', 'Turks')  While it would be possible to get the Turks to send all their communications by cable instead of W/T and possibly to use the bag only, it would probably not prevent the Turks in Ankara from passing on information to their representative in Moscow. 
('Ankara', 'Turks')  Equally if all the negotiations between ourselves and the Turks are conducted in Ankara, it was probable that the Turkish Govt. 
('Ankara', 'Turks')  It seems to me that the only possible course was to issue very definite instructions to our Ambassador in Ankara to the effect that if the Turkish issue blew up we proposed to conduct our negotiations with the Turks through him and not through the Turkish Ambassador in London and that as and when the occasion arose the Turkish Ambassador here and the Turkish Govt. 
('Ankara', 'Turks')  The Turks have nevertheless raided the local German Club in Ankara. 
('Alley', 'Poles')  I had a talk with Dick and Alley about the Poles. 
('Alley', 'Poles')  It was agreed that Alley would get out a note showing exactly where Poles were located and in what numbers and who was responsible for looking after them and their W/T sets. 
('Alley', 'Poles')  I agreed with Alley however that where Poles had been employed on highly secret work, steps should be taken to get their families over to this country as soon as possible, whether they remain in research establishments or not. 
('Alley', 'Poles')  I had a long talk with Dick and Alley about Poles. 
('Aliens Register', 'Report')  I felt that we were rather closing the door of the Home office and that if we could get them to mechanise Post Report there was a possibility of extending the scheme to the whole of the Aliens Register. 
('Aliens Register', 'Report')  I had a discussion with Potter about the mechanisation of Post Report and the Aliens Register. 
('Aliens Register', 'Report')  to-day I raised again the question of the mechanisation of Post Report and the Central Aliens Register. 
('Aliens Register', 'Report')  I saw Jones, Lodge and Weiler from the Home Office Aliens Branch, on the question of the mechanisation of Post Report and the Central Aliens Register. 
('Aliens', 'Report')  I felt that we were rather closing the door of the Home office and that if we could get them to mechanise Post Report there was a possibility of extending the scheme to the whole of the Aliens Register. 
('Aliens', 'Report')  I had a discussion with Potter about the mechanisation of Post Report and the Aliens Register. 
('Aliens', 'Report')  to-day I raised again the question of the mechanisation of Post Report and the Central Aliens Register. 
('Aliens', 'Report')  I saw Jones, Lodge and Weiler from the Home Office Aliens Branch, on the question of the mechanisation of Post Report and the Central Aliens Register. 
('Alexander', 'Pan')  Pan appears to believe in Alexander impli- citely. 
('Alexander', 'Pan')  In our view Pan should not be allowed to re- turn to Lisbon until Alexander reaches this country. 
('Alexander', 'Pan')  September 14th Dick spent the morning closeted with the Czechs and Pan who has been brought back here from Lisbon to discuss the position of Alexander, who is undoubtedly working for the Germans. 
('Alexander', 'Pan')  It was eventually decided that Pan should send a message to Alexander intimating that his presence was urgently required here in order to discuss certain matters connected with the Second Front. 
('Ahmed', 'Times')  The letter should be shown by Bourne to Sanjevi and to our own High Commissioner, and a copy of it should be sent to the High Commissioner to Pakistan to show to Ahmed and, if he thought fit, to Liaqat Ali, who had sent for the editor of the Pakistan Times. 
('Ahmed', 'Times')  He has heard from Ahmed who does not appear to be in the least worried about the Jenkin-Liddell publicatio in the Pakistan Times, and hopes Jenkin will ultimately return to Karachi. 
('Ahmed', 'Times')  The letter should be shown by Bourne to Sanjevi and to our own High Commissioner, and a copy of it should be sent to the High Commissioner to Pakistan to show to Ahmed and, if he thought fit, to Liaqat Ali, who had sent for the editor of the Pakistan Times. 
('Ahmed', 'Times')  He has heard from Ahmed who does not appear to be in the least worried about the Jenkin-Liddell publication in the Pakistan Times, and hopes Jenkin will ultimately return to Karachi. 
('Ahmed', 'Pakistan Times')  The letter should be shown by Bourne to Sanjevi and to our own High Commissioner, and a copy of it should be sent to the High Commissioner to Pakistan to show to Ahmed and, if he thought fit, to Liaqat Ali, who had sent for the editor of the Pakistan Times. 
('Ahmed', 'Pakistan Times')  He has heard from Ahmed who does not appear to be in the least worried about the Jenkin-Liddell publicatio in the Pakistan Times, and hopes Jenkin will ultimately return to Karachi. 
('Ahmed', 'Pakistan Times')  The letter should be shown by Bourne to Sanjevi and to our own High Commissioner, and a copy of it should be sent to the High Commissioner to Pakistan to show to Ahmed and, if he thought fit, to Liaqat Ali, who had sent for the editor of the Pakistan Times. 
('Ahmed', 'Pakistan Times')  He has heard from Ahmed who does not appear to be in the least worried about the Jenkin-Liddell publication in the Pakistan Times, and hopes Jenkin will ultimately return to Karachi. 
('Ahmed', 'Bourne')  I telegraphed to Bourne telling him that I shall be sending him a copy of my letter, and suggesting that it was for consideration whether it should not be shown both to Sanjevi and to Ahmed. 
('Ahmed', 'Bourne')  The letter should be shown by Bourne to Sanjevi and to our own High Commissioner, and a copy of it should be sent to the High Commissioner to Pakistan to show to Ahmed and, if he thought fit, to Liaqat Ali, who had sent for the editor of the Pakistan Times. 
('Ahmed', 'Bourne')  I telegraphed to Bourne, telling him that I shall be sending him a copy of my letter, and suggesting that it was for consideration whether it should not be shown both to Sanjevi and to Ahmed. 
('Ahmed', 'Bourne')  The letter should be shown by Bourne to Sanjevi and to our own High Commissioner, and a copy of it should be sent to the High Commissioner to Pakistan to show to Ahmed and, if he thought fit, to Liaqat Ali, who had sent for the editor of the Pakistan Times. 
('Afghan', 'Machell')  Machell came to see me about a man called LASERSTEIN, who he gathered had formerly been employed by ourselves [missing] and was turned down for further employment, He had heard that LASERSTEIN was now going to take up some job in the Afghan Govern- ment in Kabul. 
('Afghan', 'Machell')  Machell said that he had no axe to grind whatever, but he wondered whether the fact of LASERSTEIN going to take up a post in the Afghan Government might make it worth while for someone to reconsider his case. 
('Afghan', 'Machell')  Machell said that he had no axe to grind whatever, but he wondered whether the fact of LASERSTEIN going to take up a post in the Afghan Government might make it worth while for someone to reconsider his case. 
('Afghan', 'Machell')  Machell said that he had no axe to grind whatever, but he wondered whether the fact of LASERSTEIN going to take up a post in the Afghan Government might make it worth while for someone to reconsider his case. 
('Afghan', 'Kabul')  Machell came to see me about a man called LASERSTEIN, who he gathered had formerly been employed by ourselves [missing] and was turned down for further employment, He had heard that LASERSTEIN was now going to take up some job in the Afghan Govern- ment in Kabul. 
('Afghan', 'Kabul')  He had heard that LASERSTEIN was now going to take up some job in the Afghan Govern- ment in Kabul. 
('Afghan', 'Kabul')  He had heard that LASERSTEIN was now going to take up some job in the Afghan Govern- ment in Kabul. 
('Afghan', 'Kabul')  The Afghan Minister thinks he is better off in London than in Kabul. 
('Affairs', 'Spanish')  Suner the Spanish Minister for Home Affairs learned this from Gambarra. 
('Affairs', 'Spanish')  I asked them whether it would do any good if I spoke to External Affairs and impressed them with the dangers of the situation, since we knew perfectly well at home that all the Spanish Consuls were acting for the Germans and that any information which reached Madrid was handed over immediately to the Germans and Japanese. 
('Affairs', 'Spanish')  I explained to him the Spanish situation and told him that I was proposing to see External Affairs. 
('Affairs', 'Spanish')  After lunch I saw Stone of External Affairs and talked to him a good deal abou the Spanish situation, and he arranged for me to see Robertson, the Under Secretary of State on the following day. 
('Affairs', 'Australia')  Sheddon is the really strong man in Australia and, in fact, controls the Chiefs of Staff: this leads to a certain amount of friction, particularly with External Affairs The case of BLACKETT was discussed, but after a speech by Elmhirst on his behalf, who said that it had the support of Tedder it was decided to recommend against his appointment to the Advisory Panel on scientific matters. 
('Affairs', 'Australia')  The Department for External Affairs in Australia is probably responsible. 
('Affairs', 'Australia')  The Department for External Affairs in Australia is probably responsible. 
('Affairs', 'Australia')  The Department for External Affairs in Australia is probably responsible. 
('Admiral Thomson', 'Hill')  I saw Admiral Thomson and Hill. 
('Admiral Thomson', 'Hill')  I saw Admiral Thomson and Hill. 
('Admiral Thomson', 'Hill')  I saw Admiral Thomson and Hill. 
('Admiral Thomson', 'Hill')  Hill had a letter from Admiral Thomson regarding an approach by one, Jenkins, of the "Evening Standard" with an official request to interview Ewan MONTAGU in relation to Duff Cooper's book. 
('Administration', 'I')  I met most of the leading officials in the Administration, the G.O.C., and the Commissioner of Police. 
('Administration', 'I')  I told him that while I understood that it had to some extent been imposed upon him, it was important that a Governor, if he felt apprehensive, should first of all call his Commissioner of Police and his Administration, and that if he thought that there was another aspect of the problem, namely, influence from outside, he should call us into consultation as well. 
('Administration', 'I')  He thought really that one person should control the whole of Administration and Establishment and give orders for posting, as I understood him, without much regard for the Intelligence needs of other Divisions. 
('Administration', 'I')  I said that of course this had been the case in the past, but that I had always felt in this office that there was a tendency for the Administration "tail to wag the Intelligence dog"! 
('Aden', 'I')  I talked to Walter Bell about his visit to Aden and Somaliland. 
('Aden', 'I')  I did not agree about this, but said that if it was so it did not seem to me to be a reason for establishing another post in Aden. 
('Aden', 'I')  We finally agreed that I would say that we had been giving the post in Aden consideration, but that in view of general financial stringency we wished to look into the matter more closely. 
('Aden', 'I')  I said that that might be all right, but we had, nevertheless, been at least half committed in advance without any really satisfactory statement about the intelligence needs in Aden. 
('Adam', 'Horrocks')  Horrocks, Adam, Byrde, Vesey, Strong and I discussed the vetting of American immigration. 
('Adam', 'Horrocks')  7th January I had a meeting with Harry Allen, Horrocks, Roger, Stanley Strong and Adam about the vetting of civil servants. 
('Adam', 'Horrocks')  We had a meeting with Colonel Adam, Hollis, Dick and Horrocks on the Communist Working Party It was decided that we should prepare a rather fuller note for the D.G. 
('Adam', 'Horrocks')  We had a meeting with Colonel Adam, Hollis, Dick and Horrocks on the Communist Working Party. 
('Accra', 'Lagos')  While the present arrangements for handling these matters, through visits from Accra and direct communication with the Commissioner of Police, are satisfactory, I think we should retain our office in Lagos and aim at sending out an S.L.O. 
('Accra', 'Lagos')  in Accra and another in Lagos, with S.L.O. 
('Accra', 'Lagos')  Meanwhile, the station can I think carry on quite effectively by direct communication with the Police in Lagos and a monthly visit of three or four days by someone from Accra. 
('Accra', 'Lagos')  Swinton has opposed our suggestion of taking over the S.C.O.staffs at Bathurst, Freetown, Accra and Lagos. 
('Warsaw', 'ZILLIACUS')  This proposal came almost immediately after a visit by ZILLIACUS to Warsaw and Moscow, where he had an inter- view with Stalin. 
('Warsaw', 'ZILLIACUS')  The furtherance of this movement has been a suggestion from Warsaw that a Left Wing Socialist International should be formed, which would be known as SOCINFORM This proposal came almost immediately after  visit by ZILLIACUS to Warsaw and Moscow, where he had an inter- view with Stalin. 
('Warsaw', 'ZILLIACUS')  This proposal came almost immediately after a visit by ZILLIACUS to Warsaw and Moscow, where he had an inter- view with Stalin. 
('Tyler KENT', 'WOLKOFF')  Knight has seen Herschel Johnson about Tyler KENT, the employe of the American Embassy, who is associate with Anna WOLKOFF and has evidently been getting secret documents out of the Embassy. 
('Tyler KENT', 'WOLKOFF')  It has been decided to raid Tyler KENT and Anna WOLKOFF tomorrow. 
('Tyler KENT', 'WOLKOFF')  Anna WOLKOFF and Tyler KENT are coming up for trial. 
('Toronto', 'Vancouver')  In addition to visiting Montreal and Ottawa, he has been to Toronto and Vancouver, and he made con- tact with a good many of his former police friends, all of whom had proved. 
('Toronto', 'Vancouver')  In addition to visiting Montreal and Ottawa, he has been to Toronto and Vancouver, and he made con- tact with a good many of his former police friends, all of whom had proved extremely co-operative. 
('Toronto', 'Vancouver')  In addition to visting Montreal and Ottawa, he has been to Toronto and Vancouver, and he made con- tact with a good many of his former police friends, all of whom had proved extremely Co-operative. 
('Times', 'Warsaw')  There has been talk in Warsaw, according to ar article in the Times, or the formation of a Left wing International. 
('Times', 'Warsaw')  In Western Europe it seems to be Moscow's policy to split the Socialist Parties: this they have already done in Italy with some success; since the Left Wing Socialist Party, under Nenni, vote regularly with the Communists There has been talk in Warsaw, according to an article in the Times, of the formation of a Left Wing International. 
('Times', 'Warsaw')  There has been talk in Warsaw, according to an article in the Times, of the formation of a Left wing International. 
('Stephens', 'Treasury')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Stephens', 'Treasury')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Stephens', 'Treasury')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Stephens', 'Templer')  had a visit from Gerald Templer, to whom he explained his views on the Stephens case. 
('Stephens', 'Templer')  had a visit from Gerald Templer, to whom he explained his views on the Stephens case. 
('Stephens', 'Templer')  had a visit from Gerald Templer, to whom he explained his views on the Stephens case. 
('Spanish', 'Swedish')  The principal Neutral Embassies and Legations were the Japanese and Spanish in a lesser degree the Brazilian Chilean and Swedish, all of which needed watching. 
('Spanish', 'Swedish')  864 who had arrived here, 12 were Norwegians, 8 Lutch, 8 Belgian, 5 Spanish, 5 German, 6 British, 4 Portuguese, 3 French, 3 vuban 2 Swedish, 2 Russian, 2 Yugoslav, 2 Polish one Greek, one Czech, one Swiss and one Danish. 
('Spanish', 'Swedish')  I thought tout for the purposes of deception, it would be well worth while acquiring a list of the principal contacts of the Spanish Ambassa- dor and M.A., and possibly also those of the Turkish and Swedish Embassies. 
('Spain', 'Straits')  by Spain to get control of the Straits if Musso decided to join the conflict. 
('Spain', 'Straits')  in Madrid reported on April 16th that the Spaniards were likely to remain neutral in the event of Italy coming into the war, Gen. Yague advocated assistance to Italy by letting her occupy the Balearics, southern Spain and Ceuta, so that she could control the Straits, but his proposals were turned down by Franco and others of his Ministers. 
('Spain', 'Straits')  The Spanish authorities have been facilitating and collaborating wholeheartedly with the German espionage organisation in Spain particularly as re- gards setting up of elaborate technical devices for maintaining a 24-hour watch on British shipping passing through the Straits, There is further evidence to show that they are now withholding the necessary permission for the organisation to start operating. 
('Slav', 'Yugo')  Burt rang me up to say that ZIG-ZAG had asked him to meet two Yugo-Slav Women journalists, who had told ZIG-ZAG that they were receiving 40 a month from the Yugo- Slav Embassy to carry out certain espionage duties. 
('Slav', 'Yugo')  Burt rang me up to say that ZIG-ZAG had asked him to meet two Yugo-Slav women journalists, who had told ZIG-ZAG that they were receiving 40 a month from the Yugo- Slav Embassy to carry out certain espionage duties. 
('Slav', 'Yugo')  Burt rang me up to say that ZIG-ZAG had asked him to meet two Yugo-slav Women journalists, who had told ZIG-ZAG that they were receiving 40 a month from the Yugo- Slav Embassy to carry out certain espionage duties. 
('Skardon', 'WOODMAN')  It was arranged that the general back round of of Dorothy WOODMAN and the modus operandi should be the subject of further discussion between Burt and Skardon. 
('Skardon', 'WOODMAN')  Skardon told me about his interview with Dorothy WOODMAN. 
('Skardon', 'WOODMAN')  Skardon is now thinking of bringing MEREDITH and WOODMAN together to see if they can reconcile their con- flicting statemente. 
('Singapore', "U'ren")  Horrocks came to see me on various staff matters He said that there had been some suggestion that U'ren should go to the Far East instead of to Ceylon as it was thought that he might be a suitable successor to Bourne when the latter's term comes to an end, and that U'ren might be better groomed for Delhi in Singapore. 
('Singapore', "U'ren")  He said that there had been some suggestion that U'ren should go to the Far East instead of to Ceylon as it was thought that he might be a suitable successor to Bourne when the latter's term comes to an end, and that U'ren might be better groomed for Delhi in Singapore. 
('Singapore', "U'ren")  U'ren explained that the technique for observation was one in which India must be fairly well verbed, and that having expounded the theory it could be better practiced in India itself, rather than in Singapore where conditions were different. 
('Simkins', 'Tommy HARRIS')  I had a long discussion with Simkins about Tommy HARRIS. 
('Simkins', 'Tommy HARRIS')  I had a further discussion about Tommy HARRIS with Dick and Anthony Simkins. 
('Simkins', 'Tommy HARRIS')  Simkins came to talk to me about the telephone warrant which has apparently been running on Tommy HARRIS for some time. 
('SORGE', 'Tokyo')  We heard very briefly of the arrest of Dr. SORGE and his colleagues in Tokyo in 1941, but no details were then available. 
('SORGE', 'Tokyo')  Before going to Tokyo, SORGE returned to Germany and in the first flush of the Revolution in 1933 succeeded in obtaining membership of the Nazi Party without, apparently, any check by the Gestapo on his past record. 
('SORGE', 'Tokyo')  Agnes SMEDLEY, of whom we have many records, played at one time an extremely important part in getting the network established in China, although she had little to do with SORGE when he was in Tokyo, It seems probable that it was through her association with the Frankfurter Zeitung that SORGE got his credentials from that paper in 1933. 
('Roumanian', 'Spanish')  Dr. CREWS is now looking for work and is clearly an able linguist in Turkish, Roumanian, Spanish, French, German, Italian, and Judeo-Spanish. 
('Roumanian', 'Spanish')  Dr. CREWS is now looking for work and is clearly an able linguist in Turkish, Roumanian, Spanish, French, German, Italian, and Judeo-Spanish. 
('Roumanian', 'Spanish')  Dr. CREWS is now looking for work and is clearly an able linguist in Turkish, Roumanian, Spanish, French, German, Italian, and Judeo-Spanish. 
('Robertson', 'Skardon')  Skardon gave an account of his interview with FUCHS to the D.G., Dick, Marriott, Robertson and myself. 
('Robertson', 'Skardon')  I saw James Robertson, Simkins and Skardon and told them about my interview with BLUNT. 
('Robertson', 'Skardon')  Robertson and Skardon came to see me about [missing] The Air Ministry have not yet sent off the letter telling [missing] that he will be granted his pension. 
('Rhodes', 'White')  some weeks ago, as a result of which Colonel Rhodes, one of his officers, had called on Dick White and myself. 
('Rhodes', 'White')  some weeks ago, as a result of which Colonel Rhodes, one of his officers, had called on Dick White and myself. 
('Rhodes', 'White')  some weeks ago, as a result of which Colonel Rhodes, one of his officers, had called on Dick White and myself. 
('Report', 'Scottish')  Mann came to see me about a lecture in November to Scottish Police, on the subject or Post Report. 
('Report', 'Scottish')  Mann told me that Mars's visit to Scottish Police Forces had been a great success and that they were now much clearer about the operation of Post Report. 
('Report', 'Scottish')  Report on a hotel keeper in Scotland thought to have German blood in him (files show that same accusation had been made in Dec, 1914 - his nurse, when interviewed proved that the man had never left Scotland and was of pure Scottish descent.). 
('Red Cross', 'Roger')  Roger, Miss Chenhalls, [missing] and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Red Cross', 'Roger')  Roger, Miss Chenhalls,		and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Red Cross', 'Roger')  12th November, Roger, Miss Chenhalls, and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('RICHTER', 'Tate')  T. A. R. is worried about the execution of RICHTER, as he thinks it may place Tate in difficulties. 
('RICHTER', 'Tate')  My fear was that the bare mention of RICHTER's name in the press might cause the Germans to make a thorough enquiry into our traffic, possibly with disastrous results, since RICHTER was linked with Tate, and Tate with Tricycle and Rainbow, and Tricycle with Balloon and Gelatine. 
('RICHTER', 'Tate')  There was in addition the legal difficulty since RICHTER had made an appeal in which he stated that he knew that Tate was under Govt. 
('Punjab', 'Sikhs')  He confirmed that the Sikhs had been almost entirely responsible for the troubles in the Punjab. 
('Punjab', 'Sikhs')  He confirmed that the Sikhs had been almost entirely responsible for the troubles in the Punjab. 
('Punjab', 'Sikhs')  He confirmed that the Sikhs had been almost entirely responsible for the troubles in the Punjab. 
('President', 'ZUCKERMAN')  I told the Lord President that in our view it would be a mistake to confront ZUCKERMAN with the evidence at 26a, as such a course might make us all look rather foolish. 
('President', 'ZUCKERMAN')  The Lord President said that he had already done this, on two occasions, and that each time he had receive" the same answer, namely that ZUCKERMAN had of course met members of the Communist Party, but that he had no time for politics and was far too abborbed in his work. 
('President', 'ZUCKERMAN')  It was left that if we had anything further to say within the next fortnight I would let the Lord President know, failing which ZUCKERMAN would be confirmed in his appointment. 
('Port', 'Shaw')  Shaw, Chief Immigration officer, Port of London, came to discuss with us ways and means of getting MIKOLAJCZYK ashore without any publicity. 
('Port', 'Shaw')  (I) is closely linked with the D.M.I., who has some overall charter in this field for military, air, and naval intelligence Shaw, Chief Immigration officer, Port of London, came to discuss with us ways and means of getting MI KOTAJCZYK ashore without any publicity. 
('Port', 'Shaw')  Shaw, Chief Immigration officer, Port of London, came to discuss with us ways and means of getting MIKOLAJCZYK ashore without any publicity. 
('Poland', 'Winston')  I believe that some sort of undertaking was given to him when he went back to Poland by Winston, to the effect that if he were in real difficulties he could always seek asylum in this country. 
('Poland', 'Winston')  I believe that some sort of undertaking was given to him when he went back to Poland by Winston, to the effect that if he were in real difficulties he could always seek asylum in this country. 
('Poland', 'Winston')  I believe that some sort of undertaking was given to him when he went back to Poland by Winston, to the effect that if he were in real difficulties he could always seek asylum in this country. 
('Perrin', 'Rowlands')  Perrin thought that we ought to have a meeting with Portal and Cockcroft, and that at this stage we should not call in Rowlands. 
('Perrin', 'Rowlands')  -------------- I attended a meeting to-day, called by Lord Portal, at which Rowlands, Perrin, and Cockcroft were present. 
('Perrin', 'Rowlands')  Rowlands and Perrin were prepared to accept this risk, which, frankly I do not think amounts to very much. 
('Paris', 'Rome')  This means that the FBI will maintain stations in London, Paris, Lisbon, Madrid and Rome. 
('Paris', 'Rome')  PONTECORVO went from Rome to Paris in 1936, and from Paris, where it was believed he worked for a time under JOLIOT-CURIE, to Oklahoma, where he was employed by an American firm. 
('Paris', 'Rome')  JACOB said that he had come from Haifa, that he was going to Rome and Paris and that he would be back in a about a fortnight. 
('Paris', 'Polish')  I saw Newsam and also asked his approval for bringing over the Polish cipher clerk, from Paris. 
('Paris', 'Polish')  (i) that from telegrams he sent from Paris to Warsaw, he is certain that the Polish Intelligence in France have an agent at a high level on the French General Staff, who appears to be in contact with the Americans at Fontainebleau and who has given Polish Intelligence the entire. 
('Paris', 'Polish')  The Polish Ambassador in Paris takes the view that the documents recently published by the Germans which purport to show that the Americans were urging the Poles to fight are probably authentic. 
('Pakistan', 'VILLARS')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy : this related to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Pakistan', 'VILLARS')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy: this related - to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Pakistan', 'VILLARS')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy : this related to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Pact', 'Portugal')  Hollis tells me that we have now been charged with a mission to examine, on behalf of the Atlantic Pact Powers, the security of Italy, Portugal, Denmark, Norway and Iceland. 
('Pact', 'Portugal')  rang up about the vetting of Security Services in Italy, Portugal, Denmark and Norway, which we have under taken under the Atlantic Pact. 
('Pact', 'Portugal')  Roger Hollis said we have heard from Washington that Portugal and Italy have agreed to the security check under the Atlantic Pact, and are anxious that it should be carried out as soon as possible. 
('PEACH', 'Spain')  She remarked that she thought it was such a good thing that PEACH was going to Spain as she thought it would do a lot to restore his morale. 
('PEACH', 'Spain')  She added that he was "such a fine fellow" She then mentioned that Mrs. PEACH would not be going with him at the outset, but might possibly join him later if he settled down in Spain. 
('PEACH', 'Spain')  He, Hilda and PEACH are leaving on April 22nd; PEACH going to Spain and the other too to Mallorca, as far as I can understand. 
('Oughton', 'Perfect')  I had a discussion to-day with Perfect, Oughton and F.J. about keeping Chief Constables informed on the V.Ps in their areas, and soliciting their aid in discovering what Communist are employed in certain factories. 
('Oughton', 'Perfect')  I had a meeting with Dick, Graham, Oughton and Perfect on police liaison. 
('Oughton', 'Perfect')  -------------- I held a meeting to-day with Hollis, Furnival-Jones, Perfect, Holmes, Oughton and Mann on the question of Police vetting. 
('Ottawa', 'Vancouver')  In addition to visiting Montreal and Ottawa, he has been to Toronto and Vancouver, and he made con- tact with a good many of his former police friends, all of whom had proved. 
('Ottawa', 'Vancouver')  In addition to visiting Montreal and Ottawa, he has been to Toronto and Vancouver, and he made con- tact with a good many of his former police friends, all of whom had proved extremely co-operative. 
('Ottawa', 'Vancouver')  In addition to visting Montreal and Ottawa, he has been to Toronto and Vancouver, and he made con- tact with a good many of his former police friends, all of whom had proved extremely Co-operative. 
('Ottawa', 'Toronto')  In addition to visiting Montreal and Ottawa, he has been to Toronto and Vancouver, and he made con- tact with a good many of his former police friends, all of whom had proved. 
('Ottawa', 'Toronto')  In addition to visiting Montreal and Ottawa, he has been to Toronto and Vancouver, and he made con- tact with a good many of his former police friends, all of whom had proved extremely co-operative. 
('Ottawa', 'Toronto')  In addition to visting Montreal and Ottawa, he has been to Toronto and Vancouver, and he made con- tact with a good many of his former police friends, all of whom had proved extremely Co-operative. 
('Oslo', 'Stockholm')  The problem was now a far more important one, in view of Foynes having become a most important centre for air travel between the Americas and Europe, lines haveing* recently been opened from Foynes to Oslo, Stockholm and Copenhagen, in addition to the route to Lisbon. 
('Oslo', 'Stockholm')  Local enquiry shows that the position in Oslo and Stockholm with regard to the cyphering and de-cyphering of telegrams is nearly as bad as it is in London. 
('Oslo', 'Stockholm')  He controls Oslo, Stockholm and Denmark. 
('OSTRO', 'Portugal')  We have come to the conclusion that in the main it was so trivial and so grossly inaccurate that OSTRO must just have been making up stories based on little snippets of information that he got in Portugal. 
('OSTRO', 'Portugal')  We had during the war made a careful analysis of OSTRO'S ISOS traffic, in which there were fairly frequent references to information from this country, We have come to the conclusion that in the main it was so trivial and so grossly inaccurate that OSTRO must just have been making up stories based on little snippets of information that he got in Portugal. 
('OSTRO', 'Portugal')  We have come to the conclusion that in the main it was so trivial and so grossly inaccurate that OSTRO must just have been making up stories based on little snippets of information that he got in Portugal. 
('OSTRO', 'Paul FIDRMUC')  We now appear to have got as far as we can in the case of Paul FIDRMUC @ OSTRO who caused us so much trouble and anxiety during the war. 
('OSTRO', 'Paul FIDRMUC')  We now appear to have got as far as we can in the case of Paul FIDRMUC @ OSTRO. 
('OSTRO', 'Paul FIDRMUC')  We now appear to have got as far as we can in the case of Paul FIDRMUC @ OSTRO. 
('OSTRO', 'Paul')  We now appear to have got as far as we can in the case of Paul FIDRMUC @ OSTRO who caused us so much trouble and anxiety during the war. 
('OSTRO', 'Paul')  We now appear to have got as far as we can in the case of Paul FIDRMUC @ OSTRO. 
('OSTRO', 'Paul')  We now appear to have got as far as we can in the case of Paul FIDRMUC @ OSTRO. 
('OSAKI', 'SORGE')  Observation on MIYAGI connected him with OSAKI, and observation on OSAKI connecting him with SORGE, KLAUSEN, and VOUKELITCH. 
('OSAKI', 'SORGE')  SORGE and OSAKI were hanged on the 7th November, 1944. 
('OSAKI', 'SORGE')  Not only were SORGE, VOUKELITCH, OSAKI, Agnes SMEDLEY and Gunther STEIN working as journalists, but also a number of OSAKI's Japanese confederates. 
('Norwegians', 'Swedes')  The Norwegians rerused to be a party to these talks, partly, it was felt, owing to their age-long dislike of the Swedes, and partly because they do not alto- gether trust the Swedes vis a vis Russia. 
('Norwegians', 'Swedes')  -------------- I had a talk with [redacted] who is over here for discussions with S.I.S., the Norwegians, and I believe, also the Swedes on S.O. 
('Norwegians', 'Swedes')  We are also going to try and find out how far the Swedes and Norwegians are aware of the project. 
('Norway', 'Portugal')  Rineanna is rapidly becoming very important traffic centre with lines to Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Holland, Portugal etc. 
('Norway', 'Portugal')  Hollis tells me that we have now been charged with a mission to examine, on behalf of the Atlantic Pact Powers, the security of Italy, Portugal, Denmark, Norway and Iceland. 
('Norway', 'Portugal')  rang up about the vetting of Security Services in Italy, Portugal, Denmark and Norway, which we have under taken under the Atlantic Pact. 
('Norway', 'Pact')  Hollis tells me that we have now been charged with a mission to examine, on behalf of the Atlantic Pact Powers, the security of Italy, Portugal, Denmark, Norway and Iceland. 
('Norway', 'Pact')  rang up about the vetting of Security Services in Italy, Portugal, Denmark and Norway, which we have under taken under the Atlantic Pact. 
('Norway', 'Pact')  Norway and Denmark have come into the Atlantic Pact and Sweden is as close to the other Scandinavian countries as she dares she also has fairly close unofficial liaison with this country. 
('Norman', 'Roger')  I told him that Norman Archer was saying on the advice of Boland that the IRA were in funds, Roger Moore thought this was extremely doubtful. 
('Norman', 'Roger')  I therefore arranged for Roger to visit Mr. Norman who says that it is passed on to the Shipowners' Association which has a membership of some 650. 
('Norman', 'Roger')  Roger is to see Norman of the Ministry of Shipping again and suggest to him that he should get the shipowners federation to co-operate with us regarding doubtful seamen who may be used as couriers. 
('Nenndorf', 'Stephens')  He could not give any definite opinion, but, as far as he and Cussen could see, they ought to be able satisfactorily to dispose of the suggestions that Stephens was a party to the third-degree methods used at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Nenndorf', 'Stephens')  He could not give any definite opinion, but, as far as he and Cussen couid see, they ought to be able satisfactorily to dispose of the suggestions that Stephens was a party to the third-degree methods used at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Nenndorf', 'Stephens')  He could not give any definite opinion, but, as far as he and Cussen couid see, they ought to be able satisfactorily to dispose of the suggestions that Stephens was a party to the third-degree methods used at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Nenndorf', 'SMITH')  Mr. Eric F. Hall called to see me to-day He produced a letter which he had received [obfuscated] the solicitors of Captain SMITH, the Medical Officer at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Nenndorf', 'SMITH')  He produced a letter which he had received from the solicitors of Captain SMITH, the Medical Officer at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Nenndorf', 'SMITH')  Mr. Eric F. Hall called to see me to-day He produced a letter which he had received from the solicitors of Captain SMITH, the Medical Officer at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Nazis', 'OSTRO')  He had been impressed by the importance attached to OSTRO by the local Nazis, and had returned to England and joined the Territorial Army. 
('Nazis', 'OSTRO')  He had been impressed by the importance attached to OSTRO by the local Nazis, and had returned to England and joined the Territorial Army. 
('Nazis', 'OSTRO')  He had been impressed by the importance attached to OSTRO by the local Nazis, and had returned to England and joined 108 the Territorial Army. 
('Navy', 'Swiss')  about a Swiss called FREI, who has a house somewhere on the west coast of Scotland near waters where the Navy is conducting trials. 
('Navy', 'Swiss')  about a Swiss called FREI, who has a house somewhere on the west coast of Scotland near waters where the Navy is conducting trials. 
('Navy', 'Swiss')  about a Swiss called FREI, who has a house somewhere on the west coast of Scotland near waters where the Navy is conducting trials. 
('Nairobi', 'SIME')  should be at Nairobi, SIME should come to London and direct Middle Eastern affairs from here, which as a matter of distance is in fact nearer. 
('Nairobi', 'SIME')  should be at Nairobi, SIME should come to London and direct Middle Eastern affairs from here, which as a matter of distance is in fact nearer. 
('Nairobi', 'SIME')  should be at Nairobi, SIME should come to London and direct Middle Eastern affairs from here, which as a matter of distance is in fact nearer. 
('Munich', 'Warsaw')  just after the Munich crisis in October, 1938, and that they together went to Warsaw to make business connections which might prove useful to RATSCHITZKY later when operating in the U.K. 
('Munich', 'Warsaw')  just after the Munich crisis in October, 1938, and that they together went to Warsaw to make business connections which might prove useful to RATSCHITSKY later when operating in the U.K. 
('Munich', 'Warsaw')  just after the Munich crisis in October, 1938, and that they together went to Warsaw to make business connections which might prove useful to RATSCHITSKY later when operating in the U.K. 
('Moslem', 'Rizvi')  Rizvi, George Jenkin's Moslem Superintendent. 
('Moslem', 'Rizvi')  Rizvi, George Jenkin's Moslem Superintendent. 
('Moslem', 'Rizvi')  Rizvi, George Jenkin's Moslem Superintendent. 
('Moscow', 'ZILLIACUS')  This proposal came almost immediately after a visit by ZILLIACUS to Warsaw and Moscow, where he had an inter- view with Stalin. 
('Moscow', 'ZILLIACUS')  The furtherance of this movement has been a suggestion from Warsaw that a Left Wing Socialist International should be formed, which would be known as SOCINFORM This proposal came almost immediately after  visit by ZILLIACUS to Warsaw and Moscow, where he had an inter- view with Stalin. 
('Moscow', 'ZILLIACUS')  This proposal came almost immediately after a visit by ZILLIACUS to Warsaw and Moscow, where he had an inter- view with Stalin. 
('Moscow', 'Treaty')  The French Treaty seemed to be going well; the Russians had been asked to state precisely the points which worried them about our existing alli- ance; it was probable that the Austrian Treaty would be signed in Moscow, but there were doubts about the German Treaty. 
('Moscow', 'Treaty')  At the suggestion of the Dutch it was agreed that a note should go to the Permanent Commission of the Brussels Treaty Powers from the Committee, suggesting that they should inform all Governments which were a party to the Treaty that, in the view of the S.I.C., participation in the Moscow Conference should be discouraged by any means which seemed appropriate. 
('Moscow', 'Treaty')  Special material shows that there is a certain divergence of opinion between ourselves and the French over the Turkish Treaty and the negotiations going on in Moscow. 
('Moscow', 'Roberts')  Frank Roberts who is row Councillor at Moscow, was present. 
('Moscow', 'Roberts')  Frankie Roberts, the Councillor from Moscow, gave a short talk. 
('Moscow', 'Roberts')  to-day Mr. Roberts, the Counsellor at our Embassy in Moscow, gave a short talk on Russia. 
('Moscow', 'Naval')  should be refused, and that our Naval Attache in Moscow should point out to his opposite 117 number that this was done on grounds of reciprocity. 
('Moscow', 'Naval')  I suggested that an opportunity might be taken when members of the Soviet Naval Mission return to Moscow to refuse a replacement until the Soviet Naval Mission was reduced to normal proportions. 
('Moscow', 'Naval')  He mentioned a paper by Admiral Stephens, who I think is the American Naval Attache in Moscow, which suggests cutting off all supplies to Russia and the satellites, and also that if this were done the whole machine would crack and disintegrate. 
('Morton', 'Templer')  Meanwhile, Gerald Templer, according to his tele- gram, had approached Morton in order to make another bid for his services. 
('Morton', 'Templer')  about a further approach to Morton by Gerald Templer for the former's services. 
('Morton', 'Templer')  We thought we ought to get this matter quite settled with Morton before Gerald Templer descends upon us. 
('Montreal', 'Toronto')  In addition to visiting Montreal and Ottawa, he has been to Toronto and Vancouver, and he made con- tact with a good many of his former police friends, all of whom had proved. 
('Montreal', 'Toronto')  In addition to visiting Montreal and Ottawa, he has been to Toronto and Vancouver, and he made con- tact with a good many of his former police friends, all of whom had proved extremely co-operative. 
('Montreal', 'Toronto')  In addition to visting Montreal and Ottawa, he has been to Toronto and Vancouver, and he made con- tact with a good many of his former police friends, all of whom had proved extremely Co-operative. 
('Montreal', 'Ottawa')  In addition to visiting Montreal and Ottawa, he has been to Toronto and Vancouver, and he made con- tact with a good many of his former police friends, all of whom had proved. 
('Montreal', 'Ottawa')  In addition to visiting Montreal and Ottawa, he has been to Toronto and Vancouver, and he made con- tact with a good many of his former police friends, all of whom had proved extremely co-operative. 
('Montreal', 'Ottawa')  In addition to visting Montreal and Ottawa, he has been to Toronto and Vancouver, and he made con- tact with a good many of his former police friends, all of whom had proved extremely Co-operative. 
('Melland', 'Mendelssohn')  I asked Noakes whether Brian Melland had been able to see Robbi Mendelssohn. 
('Melland', 'Mendelssohn')  Equally nothing has been done about Robbi Mendelssohn although Melland has now been given further instructions. 
('Melland', 'Mendelssohn')  Ronnie, whom I have seen, is going once more to stoke up Brian Melland about Robbi Mendelssohn. 
('Medhurst', 'Morton')  Provisionally we thought that Morton should see Medhurst on his way back, explain to him his difficulties with the Air Force in Iraq and try and enlist Medhurst's support. 
('Medhurst', 'Morton')  Provisionally we thought that Morton should see Medhurst on his way back, explain to him his difficulties with the Air Force in Iraq and try and enlist Medhurst's support. 
('Medhurst', 'Morton')  Provisionally we thought that Morton should see Medhurst on his way back, explain to him his difficulties with the Air Force in Iraq and try and enlist Medhurst's support. 
('Maxwell', 'VILLARS')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy : this related to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Maxwell', 'VILLARS')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy: this related - to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Maxwell', 'VILLARS')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy : this related to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Maxwell', 'Stephens')  Maxwell said that he was extremely sorrty* to hear that Stephens was in trouble. 
('Maxwell', 'Stephens')  Maxwell said that he was extremely sorrty to hear that Stephens was in trouble. 
('Maxwell', 'Stephens')  Maxwell said that he was extremely sorrty to hear that Stephens was in trouble. 
('Maxwell', 'Pakistan')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy : this related to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Maxwell', 'Pakistan')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy: this related - to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Maxwell', 'Pakistan')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy : this related to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Maxwell', 'Nenndorf')  I saw Maxwell and gave him an account of the Bad Nenndorf incident and Campbell's approach to us. 
('Maxwell', 'Nenndorf')  I saw Maxwell and gave him an account of the Bad Nenndorf incident and Campbell's approach to us. 
('Maxwell', 'Nenndorf')  I saw Maxwell and gave him an account of the Bad Nenndorf incident and Campbell's approach to us. 
('Marston Logan', 'Smith')  Trafford Smith told me that Marston Logan is to be replaced by one, Juxon-Barton. 
('Marston Logan', 'Smith')  Juxon Barton was brought round by Trafford Smith and Marston Logan, whom he is to replace. 
('Marston Logan', 'Smith')  I gave him a general talk about the office, He seemed quite a likeable character, and I gather from Traffor: Smith that he is a live wire, which is more than can be said about old Marston Logan!. 
('Marriott', 'Roger')  Roger is now convinced of the necessity of this Subject to DG's approval, a nucleus will be John Marriott and Serpell. 
('Marriott', 'Roger')  -------------- Kim Philby came over and he, Dick, Roger, John Marriott, and I had A discussion about the F.B.I. 
('Marriott', 'Roger')  Johnny then went on to see Dick, Marriott, Robertson and Roger Hollis. 
('Mann', 'Perfect')  I had a meeting with Perfect, Holmes, Bodaington and Mann. 
('Mann', 'Perfect')  I saw Perfect and Mann about the Detective officers Conference which is to be held in Edinburgh on February 28th, I asked Mann to ascertain what subjects Edinburgh would like us to talk on. 
('Mann', 'Perfect')  -------------- I held a meeting to-day with Hollis, Furnival-Jones, Perfect, Holmes, Oughton and Mann on the question of Police vetting. 
('Maltby', 'Polish')  Maltby came to see me on instructions from G-P about Polish W/T. 
('Maltby', 'Polish')  Maltby had, on what evidence I do not know, told them that the propaganda material was going out to the continent through the Polish bag. 
('Maltby', 'Polish')  Maltby seemed to agree about this but said that in the case of military units who are misbehaving themselves on lines somewhat similar to radio amateurs, it might perhaps be simpler in RSS passed the facts on to M.I.8 in the WO who were responsible for the Polish armies. 
('Magan', 'Medhurst')  When Magan comes back, it is suggested that he might arrange to visit Iraq with Medhurst and settle the whole thing on the spot. 
('Magan', 'Medhurst')  When Magan comes back, it is suggested that he might arrange to visit Iraq with Medhurst and settle the whole thing on the spot. 
('Magan', 'Medhurst')  When Magan comes back, it is suggested that he might arrange to visit Iraq with Medhurst and settle the whole thing on the spot. 
('Madrid', 'Spain')  William Hayter telephoned to say that a telegram had been received from our Charge d'Affaires in Madrid, to the effect that a Madrid newspaper had reported that Sir Percy Sillitoe, Head of the Secret Service - otherwise known as M.1.5, intended to pay a visit to Spain. 
('Madrid', 'Spain')  in Madrid reported on April 16th that the Spaniards were likely to remain neutral in the event of Italy coming into the war, Gen. Yague advocated assistance to Italy by letting her occupy the Balearics, southern Spain and Ceuta, so that she could control the Straits, but his proposals were turned down by Franco and others of his Ministers. 
('Madrid', 'Spain')  Canaris ended his visit to Spain on 25.4.42 when he travelled from Madrid to Paris. 
('Macdonald', 'Report')  I talked to Macdonald about the mechanisation of Post Report. 
('Macdonald', 'Report')  I talked to Macdonald about Post Report. 
('Macdonald', 'Report')  Postings: I had a word with Macdonald and Curoming about Post Report mechanisation. 
('MULUMBA', 'Uganda')  I cited to him the recent case of Uganda, where the Governor is embarrassed by the unchecked activities of MULUMBA and MUSAZI in London which are having a deplorable effect on the population. 
('MULUMBA', 'Uganda')  Sir Marston Logan rang up to-day with two suggestions about Uganda, based on my letter about MULUMBA and MUSAZI. 
('MULUMBA', 'Uganda')  If we were agreeable, they would arrange for this individual to translate such letters as we might intercept between MULUMBA and Uganda. 
('MILNER', 'Thistle')  I told him that we had had a reply from Thistle, saying that the information had been passed both to the State Department and the Navy Department in the flat terms that MILNER was a Russian espionage agent. 
('MILNER', 'Thistle')  Thistle has telephoned (20.4.49) to say that Admiral Nimitz has been informed about MILNER, and that ways and means are now under consideration for getting him out of the delegation to Pakistan. 
('MILNER', 'Thistle')  A telegram has come in from Thistle saying that MILNER was due to arrive here at 10 o'clock this morning. 
('MENON', 'NEHRU')  MENON's connection with NEHRU indicates that he, MENON, wants NEHRU to take an entirely pro-Russian line in all international dealings. 
('MENON', 'NEHRU')  MENON and DUTT saw NEHRU a short time ago in India and are believed to have, in some degree at any rate, won him over to this point of view. 
('MENON', 'NEHRU')  These were communications between MENON and NEHRU. 
('MARSHALL', 'Moscow')  B.2 have caught a spy, 'one William Martin MARSHALL employed for a year in Moscow by Gambier-Parry's organisation and now working at Hanslope, B.5, in the course or following KUZNETZOV who is always very careful about his movements, saw MARSHALL effect a meeting and hand over certain papers. 
('MARSHALL', 'Moscow')  Dick tells me that KERR, who got into trouble with a woman in Moscow a short time ago and was brought home, has come forward to say that he believes that MARSHALL was also visiting the Russian canteen waitress called NINA. 
('MARSHALL', 'Moscow')  It now seems that the former Transport Officer in Moscow, BARTHOLOMEVI, who came forward to say that he believed MARSHALL to have been a Coromunist*, was either trying to cover up activities of his own or to obtain information. 
('MANIU', 'Poland')  (i) The liquidation of peasant parties behind the Iron Curtain, They have already got rid of PETKOV; they are prosecuting MANIU and his associates in Roumania, and MIKOLAJCZYK's party in Poland has been split, MIKOLAJCZYK himself having left the country and sought refuge here. 
('MANIU', 'Poland')  At the moment the Russians seem to be concentrating on two broad lines of policy: (i) The liquidation of peasant parties behind the Iron Curtain, They have already got rid of PETKOV; they are prosecuting MANIU and his associates in Roumania, and MIKOLAJCZYK's party in Poland has been split,. 
('MANIU', 'Poland')  They have already got rid of PETKOV; they are prosecuting MANIU and his associates in Roumania, and MIKOLAJCZYK's party in Poland has been split. 
('Luke', 'Webster')  had decided to send out Webster and Luke. 
('Luke', 'Webster')  I haveimpressed both on Webster ind Luke that on no account should these photographs be handed over to Smuts. 
('Luke', 'Webster')  Webster and Luke are leaving early tomorrow morning for S. Africa. 
('Logan', 'Smith')  Trafford Smith told me that Marston Logan is to be replaced by one, Juxon-Barton. 
('Logan', 'Smith')  Juxon Barton was brought round by Trafford Smith and Marston Logan, whom he is to replace. 
('Logan', 'Smith')  I gave him a general talk about the office, He seemed quite a likeable character, and I gather from Traffor: Smith that he is a live wire, which is more than can be said about old Marston Logan!. 
('Lisbon', 'Portuguese')  The German S.S. organisation in Lisbon have recently been pressing their branch at Bisao in Portuguese Guinea: to supply them with further and better information about Freetown, and have provided courier service in the form of a second officer. 
('Lisbon', 'Portuguese')  on a Portuguese ship which makes regular journeys between Lisbon and Bisao. 
('Lisbon', 'Portuguese')  An impor- tant German agent, a Portuguese journalist named Manoel Mesquita dos SANTOS, left Lisbon at the end of April on a mission to Lourenco Marques. 
('Lisbon', 'Madrid')  This means that the FBI will maintain stations in London, Paris, Lisbon, Madrid and Rome. 
('Lisbon', 'Madrid')  Medlam says that his correspondence comes by the direct route whereas as far as I can see we never know whether ours po by direct route or via Lisbon or Madrid. 
('Lisbon', 'Madrid')  949 be Arthur CARVALHO it appears to be the same channel of payment as has been used for Careless, whici indicates a link between the Abwehrstellen n Madrid and Lisbon. 
('Lennox', 'Malta')  Lennox tells me that the position in Malta is serious as regards supplies. 
('Lennox', 'Malta')  Lennox told me that one of our aircraft carriers had let off several hundreds of Spitfires in the Mediterranean which were to reinforce Malta. 
('Lennox', 'Malta')  Lennox has told me about the convoy to Malta. 
('Legion', 'Templer')  I have had a letter from Gerald Templer, drawing attention to a certain penetration of the British Legion in Hants and Dorset. 
('Legion', 'Templer')  I had a talk with Battersby about a letter from Gerald Templer on Communist penetration in the British Legion. 
('Legion', 'Templer')  15th September Gerald Templer asked me whether there was any objection to his communicating verbally to Fraser, Chairman of the British Legion, the factual evidence in my letter, and recommending, as coming from himself, the various counter-measures suggested. 
('Leggett', 'Roger')  Roger saw Leggett today about the question of interning members of the C.P. 
('Leggett', 'Roger')  Roger and I went up to see Leggett. 
('Leggett', 'Roger')  Roger has seen Leggett regarding policy towards communists. 
('League', 'Nations')  AB Manchukuo was to the League of Nations, so this act of aggression will be to the United Nations, unless the attack is forcibly resisted by the Allied Powers. 
('League', 'Nations')  Jebb tells me that one SOKOLIN, the Soviet representative on the League of Nations at Geneva is a non-returner, who is seeking an asylum in this country. 
('League', 'Nations')  She is really an ardent member of the League of Nations Union. 
('Klop', 'RATSCHITZKY')  The final view of Miss Chenhalls and Klop is that RATSCHITZKY was approached and very probably recruited by OSTRO, but they doubt whether he ever operated as an agent whilst in the U.K. RATSCHITZKY states that he never met OSTRO after 1937, yet OSTRO alleges that he recruited him in his home town of Lundenburg (?) 
('Klop', 'RATSCHITZKY')  The final view of Miss Chenhalls and Klop is that RATSCHITZKY was approached and very probably recruited by OSTRO, but they doubt whether he ever operated as an agent whilst in the U.K. RATSCHITZKY states that he never met OSTRO after 1937, yet OSTRO alleges that he recruited him in his home town of Lundenburg (?) 
('Klop', 'RATSCHITZKY')  The final view of Miss Chenhalls and Klop is that RATSCHITZKY was approached and very probably recruited by OSTRO, but they doubt whether he ever operated as an agent whilst in the U.K. RATSCHITZKY states that he never met OSTRO after 1937, yet OSTRO alleges that he recruited him in his home town of Lundenburg (?) 
('King Street', 'Union')  At the momen we were only responsible for reporting to the Home Office or the Ministry of Fuel and Power on the extent of Communist influence in the Miners' Union, and on any policy with regard to the miners formulated by King Street. 
('King Street', 'Union')  At the momen we were only responsible for reporting to the Home Office or the Ministry of Fuel and Power on the extent of Communist influence in the Miners' Union, and on any policy with regard to the miners formulated by King Street. 
('King Street', 'Union')  At the momen we were only responsible for reporting to the Home Office or the Ministry of Fuel and Power on the extent of Communist influence in the Miners' Union, and on any policy with regard to the miners formulated by King Street. 
('King', 'ZIG ZAG')  ZIG ZAG had been asked by a Yugo-Slav to.do a job on a safe owned by the King of Yugo- Slavia. 
('King', 'ZIG ZAG')  ZIG ZAG had been asked by a Yugo-Slav to do a job on a safe owned by the King of Yugo- Slavia. 
('King', 'ZIG ZAG')  ZIG ZAG had been asked by a Yugo-Slav to.do a job on a safe owned by the King of Yugo- Slavia. 
('King', 'Yugo')  ZIG ZAG had been asked by a Yugo-Slav to.do a job on a safe owned by the King of Yugo- Slavia. 
('King', 'Yugo')  ZIG ZAG had been asked by a Yugo-Slav to do a job on a safe owned by the King of Yugo- Slavia. 
('King', 'Yugo')  ZIG ZAG had been asked by a Yugo-Slav to.do a job on a safe owned by the King of Yugo- Slavia. 
('King', 'Union')  At the momen we were only responsible for reporting to the Home Office or the Ministry of Fuel and Power on the extent of Communist influence in the Miners' Union, and on any policy with regard to the miners formulated by King Street. 
('King', 'Union')  At the momen we were only responsible for reporting to the Home Office or the Ministry of Fuel and Power on the extent of Communist influence in the Miners' Union, and on any policy with regard to the miners formulated by King Street. 
('King', 'Union')  At the momen we were only responsible for reporting to the Home Office or the Ministry of Fuel and Power on the extent of Communist influence in the Miners' Union, and on any policy with regard to the miners formulated by King Street. 
('King', 'Stein')  Winston has a friend, Stein, who pro- fesses to have the entree to the King. 
('King', 'Stein')  Cecil is to take a letter to the King from Admiral Roger Keyes about Stein and to receive the King's answer as to whether Stein is persona grata. 
('King', 'Stein')  ne King refused to see him, but I gather that he is sending some communication indica ting that Stein is persona grata. 
('Kemsley', 'Sunday')  Kenneth Strong told me that last Thursday he had lunch with an important journalist of the Kemsley group, who had told him that he had read an important scoop that his paper had intended to publish the following Sunday which related to the cutting down of armaments, and in his opinion must have leaked from a high- ranking Naval officer. 
('Kemsley', 'Sunday')  Kenneth Strong told me that last Thursday he had lunch with an important journalist of the Kemsley group, who had told him that he had 53 read an important scoop that his paper had intended to publish the following Sunday which related to the cutting down of armaments, and in his opinion must have leaked from a high- ranking Naval officer. 
('Kemsley', 'Sunday')  The particular paper in question is the Sunday Graphic, with Kemsley and House, who both have German connections. 
('Kellar', 'Nairobi')  Shaw mentioned that he had had a telegram from Kellar about the request of the Governor in Nairobi that he should look into the whole security position in Kenya. 
('Kellar', 'Nairobi')  Kellar is going back to Nairobi after his visit to the MIddle East. 
('Kellar', 'Nairobi')  Meanwhile, Kellar is being told to return to Nairobi to join in the discussions. 
('Kander', 'Spanish')  Kander knew the Spanish Ambassador in Turkey, named Pratt. 
('Kander', 'Spanish')  Kander was in w/T communication with the Spanish and the link had the cover name Moritz. 
('Kander', 'Spanish')  The Spanish had been trained by Kander at Sofia. 
('Kander', 'Sofia')  Speaking of the Sofia Meldekopf Brede said that this was in the hands or Richard Kander @ Klatt. 
('Kander', 'Sofia')  The Spanish had been trained by Kander at Sofia. 
('Kander', 'Sofia')  Kander had contacts in Sofia with the Bulgarian police and in Budapest with the Hungarian Intelligence Service. 
('Kabul', 'Teheran')  to Teheran, Bagdad and Kabul to cement. 
('Kabul', 'Teheran')  Hafiz Wabba, the Saudi-Arabian minister, has returned from his visit to Kabul, Teheran, Rome and Cairo. 
('Kabul', 'Teheran')  Ankara dated 13.3.42 saying that there was a plan to build up a Near Eastern Directorate of tne D.I.B under REICHERT in Cairo sitn agencies at Jerusalem, Damascus, Bagdad, Teheran and Kabul and in Arabia. 
('Kabul', 'LASERSTEIN')  Machell came to see me about a man called LASERSTEIN, who he gathered had formerly been employed by ourselves [missing] and was turned down for further employment, He had heard that LASERSTEIN was now going to take up some job in the Afghan Govern- ment in Kabul. 
('Kabul', 'LASERSTEIN')  He had heard that LASERSTEIN was now going to take up some job in the Afghan Govern- ment in Kabul. 
('Kabul', 'LASERSTEIN')  He had heard that LASERSTEIN was now going to take up some job in the Afghan Govern- ment in Kabul. 
('KENT', 'WOLKOFF')  Knight has seen Herschel Johnson about Tyler KENT, the employe of the American Embassy, who is associate with Anna WOLKOFF and has evidently been getting secret documents out of the Embassy. 
('KENT', 'WOLKOFF')  It has been decided to raid Tyler KENT and Anna WOLKOFF tomorrow. 
('KENT', 'WOLKOFF')  Anna WOLKOFF and Tyler KENT are coming up for trial. 
('KACZMAREK', 'Manchester')  A Pole called BALUSZ has informed the police that he has received a questionnaire bearing on military subjects from another Pole in Manchester cailed KACZMAREK. 
('KACZMAREK', 'Manchester')  This seems to indicate that KACZMAREK may have spotted that he has been under observation in Manchester by B.6. 
('KACZMAREK', 'Manchester')  He felt that the Manchester Police had been rather ham-handed and possibly also ourselves in covering the meeting with KACZMAREK in Manchester. 
('Jones', 'Rolls')  meeting to-day, Furnival Jones raised the question of the twenty Russian engineers going to Rolls. 
('Jones', 'Rolls')  meeting to-day, Furnival Jones raised the question of the twenty Russian engineers going to Rolls. 
('Jones', 'Rolls')  meeting to-day, Furnival Jones raised the question of the twenty Russian engineers going to Rolls. 
('Johnstone', 'Phillips')  I lunchea with Van Moyaand to-day and tola him that Felix Johnstone was to visit Phillips of Einthoven. 
('Johnstone', 'Phillips')  Furnival Jones and Johnstone came to discuss the case of Phillips of Eindhoven. 
('Johnstone', 'Phillips')  I had a long meeting with Roger, F.J. and Felix Johnstone about the Phillips Group. 
('Johnny Cimperman', 'Whitson')  Lish Whitson has arrived and Johnny Cimperman is somewhat hurt that the Bureau has not kept him informed. 
('Johnny Cimperman', 'Whitson')  -------------- I spent the evening with Lish Whitson and Johnny Cimperman. 
('Johnny Cimperman', 'Whitson')  Lish Whitson came in to say goodbye and I went out to lunch with him and Johnny Cimperman. 
('Johnny Cimperman', 'Lish Whitson')  Lish Whitson has arrived and Johnny Cimperman is somewhat hurt that the Bureau has not kept him informed. 
('Johnny Cimperman', 'Lish Whitson')  -------------- I spent the evening with Lish Whitson and Johnny Cimperman. 
('Johnny Cimperman', 'Lish Whitson')  Lish Whitson came in to say goodbye and I went out to lunch with him and Johnny Cimperman. 
('Johnny Cimperman', 'Lish')  Lish Whitson has arrived and Johnny Cimperman is somewhat hurt that the Bureau has not kept him informed. 
('Johnny Cimperman', 'Lish')  -------------- I spent the evening with Lish Whitson and Johnny Cimperman. 
('Johnny Cimperman', 'Lish')  Lish Whitson came in to say goodbye and I went out to lunch with him and Johnny Cimperman. 
('John', 'Serpell')  Roger is now convinced of the necessity of this Subject to DG's approval, a nucleus will be John Marriott and Serpell. 
('John', 'Serpell')  John Marriott and Serpell will form the nucleus of this section. 
('John', 'Serpell')  The draft of Sir John Shaw's charter is being prepared by Serpell. 
('John', 'Major')  He seemed somewhat vague about his duties, and in fact when challenged said that he had orders from Major Mawhood not to let John know what he was doing. 
('John', 'Major')  John was very amusing about a certain Major Fowler of the L.D.V. 
('John', 'Major')  He had written a letter to Brigadier Hawes who was equally concerned, John said he thought it would be well to make Major Bowler's acquaintance, and probe the story as far as possible. 
('Jock', 'Van')  Mr. Van Millingen, who is the brother-in- law of Jock Balfour, came to see me about a job. 
('Jock', 'Van')  Jock Whyte talked to me about the case of Van HEULE. 
('Jock', 'Van')  April 20th Jock Whyte came to see me about the Van HEULE case, which does not seem to be making much progress. 
('Jenkin', 'Pakistan Times')  He has heard from Ahmed who does not appear to be in the least worried about the Jenkin-Liddell publicatio in the Pakistan Times, and hopes Jenkin will ultimately return to Karachi. 
('Jenkin', 'Pakistan Times')  A telegram has come in from Bourne, drawing our attention to the publication in the Pakistan Times of September 4th of a facsimile of a letter,dated July 8th, written by "George" Jenkin to myself on the subject of our liaison with Pakistan. 
('Jenkin', 'Pakistan Times')  He has heard from Ahmed who does not appear to be in the least worried about the Jenkin-Liddell publication in the Pakistan Times, and hopes Jenkin will ultimately return to Karachi. 
('Jenkin', 'Morton')  Grey approached Morton and suggested either Maffey-Smith, late of D.I.B., or Wace, or "George" Jenkin. 
('Jenkin', 'Morton')  -------------- Jack Morton and Bamford came to see me about a request from George Jenkin that we should find him a man with a certain knowledge of business and, above all, intelligence work who could be placed in some firm in Singapore and build up a secret network in Malaya. 
('Jenkin', 'Morton')  It was agreed that Jack Morton would communicate with Jenkin and get a clearer definition of what he had in mind. 
('Jenkin', 'Malaya')  Bamford tells me that Sir William Jenkin is likely to accept the job of Inspector of Police in Malaya. 
('Jenkin', 'Malaya')  In Malaya, however, the position was rather disquieting; he thought it was a matter of great urgency to get Jenkin out. 
('Jenkin', 'Malaya')  -------------- Jack Morton and Bamford came to see me about a request from George Jenkin that we should find him a man with a certain knowledge of business and, above all, intelligence work who could be placed in some firm in Singapore and build up a secret network in Malaya. 
('Japs', 'Vancouver')  The Canadians have telegraphed to say that SIS agents in Japan who are being worked from Vancouver are blown on and regarded by the Japs as drug traffickers. 
('Japs', 'Vancouver')  There was also a consulate in Vancouver which was looking after the interests of the Japs and which had a fully-fledged Japanese Asst. 
('Japs', 'Vancouver')  The Japs were consequently very disturbed to find that he has now been sent to Vancouver. 
('Japan', 'SORGE')  talked to me about the G-2 report on the case of Dr. SORGE, the Soviet agent who had operated for a long time in Japan but was discovered by the Japs during the war and executed. 
('Japan', 'SORGE')  SORGE & great strength was his immense knowledge of affairs in China and Japan. 
('Japan', 'SORGE')  SORGE had been operating in Japan for 10 years and had a fairly widespread organisation and a W/T transmitter. 
('JACKSON', 'Whyte')  I had a talk with Jock Whyte about the JACKSON case. 
('JACKSON', 'Whyte')  Jock Whyte is moaning about the case of Gunner JACKSON. 
('JACKSON', 'Whyte')  Jock Whyte tells me that Gunner JACKSON never turned up at the meeting. 
('JACKSON', 'Jock Whyte')  I had a talk with Jock Whyte about the JACKSON case. 
('JACKSON', 'Jock Whyte')  Jock Whyte is moaning about the case of Gunner JACKSON. 
('JACKSON', 'Jock Whyte')  Jock Whyte tells me that Gunner JACKSON never turned up at the meeting. 
('JACKSON', 'Jock')  I had a talk with Jock Whyte about the JACKSON case. 
('JACKSON', 'Jock')  Jock Whyte is moaning about the case of Gunner JACKSON. 
('JACKSON', 'Jock')  Jock Whyte tells me that Gunner JACKSON never turned up at the meeting. 
('Italy', 'VILLARS')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy : this related to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Italy', 'VILLARS')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy: this related - to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Italy', 'VILLARS')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy : this related to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Italy', 'Turkey')  There are signs that Turkey and Italy are coming together. 
('Italy', 'Turkey')  Special material of 29th February shows that Italy and Turkey are working for some kind of rapprochement between Egypt and Italy. 
('Italy', 'Turkey')  It is rumoured that there is an agreement between Jugo-slavia, Romania and Turkey, that if attacked by Italy or Germany. 
('Italy', 'Treaty')  Irvine is off to Italy to-morrow to look into the security position under the Atlantic Treaty Cosmic system. 
('Italy', 'Treaty')  The questions of Mr. Haldane Porter's mission to Persia and of Mr. Irvine's security checks in Italy and Portugal on behalf of the Atlantic Treaty, were touched upon. 
('Italy', 'Treaty')  It seems that according to the Treaty of 1929 with Russia the latter cannot enter into arrangements with Italy or Bulgaria without Turkey's consent. 
('Italy', 'Socialist Parties')  In Western Europe it seems to be Moscow's policy to split the Socialist Parties: this they have already done in Italy with some success; since the Left Wing Socialist Party, under Nenni vote regularly with the Communists. 
('Italy', 'Socialist Parties')  In Western Europe it seems to be Moscow's policy to split the Socialist Parties: this they have already done in Italy with some success; since the Left Wing Socialist Party, under Nenni, vote regularly with the Communists There has been talk in Warsaw, according to an article in the Times, of the formation of a Left Wing International. 
('Italy', 'Socialist Parties')  In Western Europe it seems to be Moscow's policy to split the Socialist Parties: this they have already done in Italy with some success; since the Left Wing Socialist Party, under 99 Nenni, vote tegularly with the Communists. 
('Italy', 'Polish')  have asked us for notes on various Polish organisations here and in Italy. 
('Italy', 'Polish')  should get together with a view to suppressing any undesirable activities conducted from British territory or from Italy, against the Polish Govt. 
('Italy', 'Polish')  James Robertson suggested that any suspicious Jews should be kept in Italy, but Irvine said this was not possible at the moment as all the Polish Forces were being withdrawn from Italy as the War Office do not want them to be left there any longer. 
('Italy', 'Poles')  These Poles are coming back from Italy. 
('Italy', 'Poles')  52 to get Poles from Italy who might be suitable for emigration to Canada. 
('Italy', 'Poles')  The French seem to think that Italy [obfuscated] neutrality with a view to helping Germany against the west after Germany has dealt a blow at the Poles. 
('Italy', 'Pact')  Hollis tells me that we have now been charged with a mission to examine, on behalf of the Atlantic Pact Powers, the security of Italy, Portugal, Denmark, Norway and Iceland. 
('Italy', 'Pact')  rang up about the vetting of Security Services in Italy, Portugal, Denmark and Norway, which we have under taken under the Atlantic Pact. 
('Italy', 'Pact')  Roger Hollis said we have heard from Washington that Portugal and Italy have agreed to the security check under the Atlantic Pact, and are anxious that it should be carried out as soon as possible. 
('Italy', 'Observer')  This was very much the view of T-R, as expressed in his article in the Observer after his visits to Italy and France. 
('Italy', 'Observer')  This was very much the view of T-R, as expressed in his article in the Observer after his visits to Italy and France. 
('Italy', 'Observer')  This was very much the view of T-R, as expressed in his article in the Observer after his visits to Italy and France, in Italy the majority of the Socialist Party under NENNI are voting with the Communists. 
('Italy', 'Maxwell')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy : this related to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Italy', 'Maxwell')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy: this related - to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Italy', 'Maxwell')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy : this related to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Italy', 'King')  Italy is still divided on the German question, Mussolini, Parranici and Starace are still inclined to stick to the Axis but with reservations, Those in favour of a break are Ciano, Grandi Balbo and the King. 
('Italy', 'King')  have a telegram from Genoa re one ZOMBORY who wants money for disclosing a plot to assassinate either the King of Italy or the King of England. 
('Italy', 'King')  reports 21/4: Sources in touch with the German Embassy in Rome say that the King of Italy is strongly opposing war. 
('Italians', 'Turks')  The Turks, although ready to, and capable of giving considerable assistance, were somewhat shocked to hear that we had made similar requests to the Belgians, the Dutch, the French and the Italians. 
('Italians', 'Turks')  The Italians are making conciliatory gestures to the Turks and Italy generally is showing signs of becoming more pro-Allied. 
('Italians', 'Turks')  The indications are that the Turkis have not agreed to the two conditions which Moscow was trying to impose, namely the closing of the Dardenelles* and neutrality on the part of the Turks unless Italians come into the war. 
('Israeli', 'WYBROW')  's intimation that WYBROW was a possible suspect, had thrown up other connections with suspected members of the Israeli Intelligence Service. 
('Israeli', 'WYBROW')  This did not mean, as Washington seemed to think, that all future leads into Israeli Intelligence would be broken; in fact, we hoped to devise ways and means for getting rid of WYBROW without his being too apprehensive. 
('Israeli', 'WYBROW')  We should also, of course, pass a copy to the F.B.I., who might have considerable knowledge about Israeli Intelligence activities in the U.S.A. During the course of this discussion, poor Alec unfortunately let out the name of WYBROW, not once but three times, and indeed showed the document in which WYBROW's name was mentioned to [redacted]. 
('Islands', 'Perfect')  Perfect is proposing to go over and see the Police in the Channel Islands. 
('Islands', 'Perfect')  Perfect came to tell me about the Channel Islands. 
('Islands', 'Perfect')  -------------- Perfect tells me that naturalisation in the Channel Islands is carried out on local authority, although where a man has been resident in this country Police reports are called for. 
('Irvine', 'Union')  I had a discussion with Hill and Irvine on the memorandum produced by the Security Committee working party on what the Russians were likely to know from publications in the Press and from documents circulated to Western Union powers and to "leaky" Dominions. 
('Irvine', 'Union')  Irvine came to show me his draft for the S.I.C on the measure of integration of Western Union Security Services which could take place now or in the precautionary stage, or at the outbreak of war. 
('Irvine', 'Union')  -------------- Irvine came to tell me about his visits to Western Union countries on the question of a War Room. 
('Irvine', 'Polish')  Irvine gave a talk on the Polish situation explaining in particular what our conflicting interests were with S.I.S. 
('Irvine', 'Polish')  Kellar asked Irvine if the Jews in the Polish resettlement camps in this country were segregated. 
('Irvine', 'Polish')  James Robertson suggested that any suspicious Jews should be kept in Italy, but Irvine said this was not possible at the moment as all the Polish Forces were being withdrawn from Italy as the War Office do not want them to be left there any longer. 
('Irvine', 'Italy')  James Robertson suggested that any suspicious Jews should be kept in Italy, but Irvine said this was not possible at the moment as all the Polish Forces were being withdrawn from Italy as the War Office do not want them to be left there any longer. 
('Irvine', 'Italy')  Irvine is off to Italy to-morrow to look into the security position under the Atlantic Treaty Cosmic system. 
('Irvine', 'Italy')  In the latter connection, Mr. Irvine said that in Italy the position was fairly satisfactory; but that in Italy there was virtually no security at all. 
('Irish', 'League')  The Irish Workers' League is small and ineffective but the recent activities of Tweedie are considered to be somewhat suspicious As agent to the Ohio Brass Company, Tweedie received monthly commission from the United States amounting to something like 2,000 a year, and there has recently been talk of the Irish Workers' League buying a house. 
('Irish', 'League')  Illicit Wireless 73,137,14.,149,156,166 230,328,331,339,346 Imposters 31,35 India 103,181,234,258,259, 260,299 aternational African Service Bureau 80 International Esperantists 78 Internment, French policy 311 Internment, Policy re- 32,40,41,42,55,58,67, 71,72,74,85,92,101, 185,200,278,282,324, 341 Internees 154,158,159,2W7,251, 262,282,301 ,318 Interrogations 38,44,45,170 Inventions nventors, visas br: R.A. 159,166 76 52,135,146,207,225, 269,306,348 Irish-German matters 3,27,133 Irish Neutrality League 161 Isolation Camps 84,111,162 ITA 63 Italians ,policy re Catalogue Reference:KV/4/185 47,56,59,83,68 303 J. JACOBS 281 JAECKH, Dr. 15,155 337 323,334,347,343 JAHNKE Japan 322,330 Japanese Embassy 47 JEUNE, Mr. 307,312 JITLOV, V.S. 
('Irish', 'League')  There is already a body in existence called the Irish Neutrality League which from the leaflets Archer sent must be very near the I.R.A. 
('Invergordon', 'Navy')  The Navy had always tried to draw us into cases of this kind since Invergordon, but we had strenuously resisted such attemps in the past. 
('Invergordon', 'Navy')  I told Phillipe that it was not really a responsibility of ours to snoop on the Navy, but that ever since Invergordon we had to some extent been drawn into these matters as there did not seem to be any other appropriate organisation to deal with them. 
('Invergordon', 'Navy')  I told Phillips that it was not really a responsibility of ours to snoop on the Navy, but that ever since Invergordon we had to some extent been drawn into these matters as there did not seem to be any other appropriate organisation to deal with them. 
('Interrogation Centre', 'Nenndorf')  Stokes put down a question about the enquiries concerning the Interrogation Centre at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Interrogation Centre', 'Nenndorf')  Stoles put down a question about the enquiries concerning the Interrogation Centre at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Interrogation Centre', 'Nenndorf')  Stoles put down a question about the enquiries concerning the Interrogation Centre at Bad Nenndorf. 
('International', 'Times')  There has been talk in Warsaw, according to ar article in the Times, or the formation of a Left wing International. 
('International', 'Times')  In Western Europe it seems to be Moscow's policy to split the Socialist Parties: this they have already done in Italy with some success; since the Left Wing Socialist Party, under Nenni, vote regularly with the Communists There has been talk in Warsaw, according to an article in the Times, of the formation of a Left Wing International. 
('International', 'Times')  There has been talk in Warsaw, according to an article in the Times, of the formation of a Left wing International. 
('International', 'Roger')  Roger, Miss Chenhalls, [missing] and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('International', 'Roger')  Roger, Miss Chenhalls,		and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('International', 'Roger')  12th November, Roger, Miss Chenhalls, and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Indian', 'Treasury')  The Treasury have given a ruling that Indian Police officers with pension rights, who join this depart- ment and wish to be established members, can only take their proportionate pension from the Indian Police, and not their gratuity If they did not elect to become established members of our staff, they could be temporary members and draw both their compensation (?) 
('Indian', 'Treasury')  The Treasury have given a ruling that Indian Police officers with pension rights, who join this depart- ment and wish to be established members, can only take their proportionate pension from the Indian Police, and not their gratuits If they did not elect to become established members of our staff, they could be temporary members and draw both their compensation (?) 
('Indian', 'Treasury')  The Treasury have given a ruling that Indian Police officers with pension rights, who join this depart- ment and wish to be established members, can only take their proportionate pension from the Indian Police, and not their gratuity. 
('Indian', 'Patel')  in India - they in turn should appoint an Indian as liaison officer here in London, This has already been tentatively been discussed in India with Patel, and the suggestion is that we should send out someone from here to clinch the matter with the Indian authorities. 
('Indian', 'Patel')  I told them about my meeting with Patel, and D.I.B's unfortunate remark that it would be better for us to start with a clean slate and appoint somebody who had no previous connection with the Indian Police or the I.C.S. 
('Indian', 'Patel')  I told them about my meeting with Patel, and D.I.B's unfortunate remark that it would be better for us to start with a clean slate and appoint somebody who had no previous connection with the Indian Police or the I.C.S. 
('India', 'Pakistan')  India and Pakistan are beginning to show some signs of composing their differences in Kashmir where it has been agreed to have s plebeseite, and Hyderabad has been subdued without inflaming communal strife. 
('India', 'Pakistan')  He was obviously putting the idea out very tentatively and admitted that he had not thought over its implications very deeply, since at the moment all eyes in Pakistan were turned towards India. 
('India', 'Pakistan')  I had a long talk with U'ren about his visit to Pakistan, Ceylon and India. 
('India', 'Japs')  Eventually he got sent to India by SOE where he helped them to work up some sort of organisation in China to operate against the Japs. 
('India', 'Japs')  We had done our best to restrict as far as possible the movements of foreign attaches, and in the case of the Japs had persuaded the authorities to close down their consulates in India. 
('India', 'Japs')  Lennox tells me that there are only about 200,000 Japs available for an attack on India. 
('India', 'Japan')  It was felt that the outer area should include India, China, Japan ( and most of the Pacific up to Honolulu), Australia, New Zealand and Indonesia. 
('India', 'Japan')  Illicit Wireless 73,137,14.,149,156,166 230,328,331,339,346 Imposters 31,35 India 103,181,234,258,259, 260,299 aternational African Service Bureau 80 International Esperantists 78 Internment, French policy 311 Internment, Policy re- 32,40,41,42,55,58,67, 71,72,74,85,92,101, 185,200,278,282,324, 341 Internees 154,158,159,2W7,251, 262,282,301 ,318 Interrogations 38,44,45,170 Inventions nventors, visas br: R.A. 159,166 76 52,135,146,207,225, 269,306,348 Irish-German matters 3,27,133 Irish Neutrality League 161 Isolation Camps 84,111,162 ITA 63 Italians ,policy re Catalogue Reference:KV/4/185 47,56,59,83,68 303 J. JACOBS 281 JAECKH, Dr. 15,155 337 323,334,347,343 JAHNKE Japan 322,330 Japanese Embassy 47 JEUNE, Mr. 307,312 JITLOV, V.S. 
('India', 'Japan')  Unless and until they can defeat Russia, it is thought unlikely that they will attempt an invasion of the British Isles, an occupation of the Iberian Peninsua and Swden or French North or West Africa, an attack on Egypt through Cyprus and Syria, an attack on Iraq and Persia through wyprus and Syria, or Turkey, an attack on the Caucasus through surkey or move into India unless Turkey acquiesces It is thought that Japan will aim at (a) consolidating as quickly as possible her East Asiatic sphere and completing it by the occupation of Burma, achieving peace in China, occupy ing bases in the S.W. 
('I', 'Zionist')  I went to see Burt and showed him certain information obtained by [redacted] indicating the possibility that certain members of the Revisionist Zionist Youth organisation were in possession of dynamite and a German pistol with 50 rounds of ammunition. 
('I', 'Zionist')  I saw Reilly in the afternoon about the Zionist intercepts. 
('I', 'Zionist')  Rothschild was violently anti- Zionist and asfar as I knew Hart is too. 
('I', 'ZIGZAG')  I talked to Cussen about the case of ZIGZAG. 
('I', 'ZIGZAG')  I spoke to Cussen about the case of ZIGZAG. 
('I', 'ZIGZAG')  I attended a meeting in Harker's room with Cussen and Vesey (a) on the subject of the prosecution of ZIGZAG and (b) on a spy book written by one FIRMIN, Crime Correspondent of the Daily Telegraph. 
('I', 'Works')  I told him that I was all in favour of the Treasury making a grant to the War Office, or the Office of Works, which could be drawn on on the office signature. 
('I', 'Works')  I could be got rid of under the Ministry of Works contract, but the clause in such contracts is not primarily designed for political cases. 
('I', 'Works')  I attended a meeting, under the Chairmanship of Sir Eric de Normann, at which 'C' Barnett and Saffery from the Post Office, and Black and Marshall of the Ministry of Works were present. 
('I', 'Wild')  'C' had previously mentioned them to me and suggested that I should get hold of Wild, as certain of them would affect matters in this country. 
('I', 'Wild')  This may be so, but I am not quite sure whether Wild and Drew are the people to undertake the task. 
('I', 'Wild')  -------------- Wild rang up to tell me that he was proposing to see Admiral Daniel of the I.D.C. 
('I', 'Whitson')  I said that Lish Whitson seemed to be far more concerned with finding out exactly where the offences in America were committed than anything else. 
('I', 'Whitson')  -------------- I spent the evening with Lish Whitson and Johnny Cimperman. 
('I', 'Whitson')  Lish Whitson came in to say goodbye and I went out to lunch with him and Johnny Cimperman. 
('I', 'Wapler')  and to certain other individuals, I sat next to a man called Wapler, who controlled the desk in the Ministere des Affaires Etrangeres concerned with N.A.T.O. 
('I', 'Wapler')  While there may be a good deal in what Wapler said, I had in mind (although I did not of course mention it) the case of the fairly high Foreign Office official controlling the Satellite desk, against whom the proposed action by the Surete had been suppressed on the orders of M. Pleven - the idea being that a French BURGESS and MACLEAN case would have an adverse effect upon the economic aid which the French Government were expecting from the United States. 
('I', 'Wapler')  Incidentally, I may mention that Wapler was at the French Embassy in Belgrade at the beginning of the war, and that he was instrumental in getting Verneuil and the French Naval Attache out of the country at the time of the German invasion. 
('I', 'Walter Bell')  -------------- I had a short talk with Walter Bell. 
('I', 'Walter Bell')  I talked to Walter Bell about his visit to Aden and Somaliland. 
('I', 'Walter Bell')  I have had a somewhat belly-aching letter from Walter Bell, who feels somewhat frustrated in Delhi. 
('I', 'Victoire')  March 26th I had a talk with Marriott and J.C. about Victoire. 
('I', 'Victoire')  I took the opportunity of mentioning the new transmitter in the Victoire case which could be used for major deception. 
('I', 'Victoire')  I addressed the Twenty Committee on the subject of the Victoire case. 
('I', 'Vice Marshal')  I saw Air Vice Marshal Baker about allowing Shotter to wear uniform in the Middle East, and also to take promotion. 
('I', 'Vice Marshal')  I saw Air Vice Marshal Elmhirst, and Pendred, the new A.C.A.S.I., in relation to a proposal that a scientific Advisory Panel should be set up for consultation by the Services as and when necessary. 
('I', 'Vice Marshal')  to-day I spoke to Air Vice Marshal Freseanges about I said that there were two things which seemed to us important:. 
('I', 'Van Moyland')  Van Moyland asked me to come out and meet the Chief of the Dutch Rijkspolitie, but I am afraid I cannot remember his name. 
('I', 'Van Moyland')  -------------- I lunched with Van Moyland. 
('I', 'Van Moyland')  I lunched with Van Moyland. 
('I', "U'ren")  I had a talk with U'ren about his work in Delhi. 
('I', "U'ren")  I had a long talk with U'ren about his visit to Pakistan, Ceylon and India. 
('I', "U'ren")  U'ren has laid down a complete reorganisation of the Special Branch, which Aluwihare, the I.G.P., has expressed his intention of putting into force immediately. 
('I', 'Turner')  I have suggested that Turner should go round and see all the chairmen privately and explain to them our point of view. 
('I', 'Turner')  I discussed with Turner today the question of. 
('I', 'Turner')  I have suggested to Turner that when these are rounded up they should go before the Revision Tribunals and not before the Advisory Committee, as has been suggested. 
('I', 'Turkey')  I asked her what she was doing during the war She told me that she had worked for the British Council in Turkey, as a teacher of English in a secondary school. 
('I', 'Turkey')  I asked her what she was doing during the war She told me that she had worked for the British Council in Turkey, as a teacher of English in a secondary school. 
('I', 'Turkey')  I asked her what she was doing during the war She told me that she had worked for the British Council in Turkey, as a teacher of English in a secondary school. 
('I', 'Trust')  I am going to ask NCO if he has got a line on the Guaranty Trust and failing that I am trying the Americans. 
('I', 'Trust')  I showed him the letter about BRUNCK's wife opening an account for 45,000 dollars with the Guaranty Trust in New York. 
('I', 'Trust')  I am proposing to leave her $45,000 account with the Guaranty Trust in New York alone for the moment, until we see what Barings can produce. 
('I', 'Trade Unions')  I told him that in this country the Trade Unions were dealing with Communists who hela influential positions in the Unions, that we had a general picture of the situation, but that local Police Forces were responsible for sabotage or rioting. 
('I', 'Trade Unions')  I was asked to say something about the legality of the Party and the Trade Unions. 
('I', 'Trade Unions')  As regards the control of Unions, about which one speaker had expressed considerable anxiety, I said that this was quite a serious matter but really one which could be handled better hy the Trade Unions themselves than by anyone else. 
('I', 'Tommy HARRIS')  I had a long discussion with Simkins about Tommy HARRIS. 
('I', 'Tommy HARRIS')  I had a further discussion about Tommy HARRIS with Dick and Anthony Simkins. 
('I', 'Tommy HARRIS')  I gave him my views about Tommy HARRIS and said that I was not in any way impeding enquiries. 
('I', 'Thursday')  I have asked Sinclair to call a meeting on Thursday next. 
('I', 'Thursday')  I have passed this on to Hayter, with a request for an answer by Thursday, when Desond Vesey will be revisiting Paris. 
('I', 'Thursday')  I said that I would do so on Thursday, by which time I hoped that. 
('I', 'Thompson')  I felt, however, that in view of Colonial Office anxiety about publicity in connection with the D.G., and also certain anxiety in Downing Street, it might be well to explore whether Admiral Thompson could impress upon editors the fact that the D.G's movements really came within the terms of D. Notice No.1, i.e. 
('I', 'Thompson')  I explained to Admiral Thompson that it was difficult to make a distinction, as regards the D.G's work, between Communism and counter-espionage, or military defence matters; the two were now so inextricable mixed up. 
('I', 'Thompson')  I recommended to Thompson that he should discuss the matter with John Cimperman, as it seemed to me that subversive movements here could have little bearing on the work of the Embassy security officers abroad. 
('I', 'TOKAYEV')  I cannot help feeling that TOKAYEV has rather let his imagination run riot on this. 
('I', 'TOKAYEV')  I rang up Auberon FERBERT with regard to two requests: (i) to be placed in touch with Colonel Perkins, and (ii) to be granted facilities for seeing TOKAYEV. 
('I', 'TOKAYEV')  I added, however, that unless he had a fairly strong case, his request might not be viewed with favour, since TOKAYEV was a rather difficult and touchy customer. 
('I', 'Swedes')  -------------- I had a talk with [redacted] who is over here for discussions with S.I.S., the Norwegians, and I believe, also the Swedes on S.O. 
('I', 'Swedes')  I had a talk with two Swedes, one Kriminaloverkonstapel BOGEFELDT of the Police and the other Captain GEIJER of the Army. 
('I', 'Swedes')  I cannot help feeling that this will end in trouble since FORREST might not be astonished that the French should know some thing about him, but when he finds that the Finns and the Swedes are also acquainted with his past he may regard the whole thing as a somewhat curious coincidence. 
('I', 'Supt')  I sensed a slight undercurrent particularly in Supt. 
('I', 'Supt')  I saw Supt. 
('I', 'Supt')  July 7th and I paid a visit to Supt. 
('I', 'Sudan')  I pointed out to Shaw that, as far as the Sudan was concerned, a suggestion was made that we were not in touch with the right people and that we should make contact with the Assistant Commissioner in charge of S.B. 
('I', 'Sudan')  As regards the Sudan, I would say that we had always been in touch with the Commissioner of Police, and that our visiting officer had seen Special Branch, but that we would re-establish contact with DOBB and, if necessary, invite him up to S.I.M.E. 
('I', 'Sudan')  I talked to Doeb from the Sudan. 
('I', 'Stein')  While on my holiday there I saw Stein who is the local FBI representative. 
('I', 'Stein')  I gather Stein has been used for establish- ing direct contact. 
('I', 'Stein')  ne King refused to see him, but I gather that he is sending some communication indica ting that Stein is persona grata. 
('I', 'Sheffield')  I saw Newsam to-day, wen I handed him a copy of our note on the Sheffield "Peace" Congress. 
('I', 'Sheffield')  I further stressed the significance of the conference being held in Sheffield, where it might well disturb the minds of those working on the rearmament programme. 
('I', 'Sheffield')  I saw Graham this morning, just back from Sheffield. 
('I', 'Saturday')  VESEY, I am sorry to say, is leaving us on Saturday. 
('I', 'Saturday')  I arranged to see Palmer for a moment on Saturday morning. 
('I', 'Saturday')  I explained to him that this whole matter had boiled up very suddenly since we only knew on Friday or Saturday morning that T.A.R. 
('I', 'Satellite')  Satellite Consuls were mostly New Zealand subjects, but I could not ascertain which of them weren't. 
('I', 'Satellite')  I asked him about the suggestion that the Flying Squad should report the numbers of certain cars used by the Soviet or Satellite Embassies. 
('I', 'Satellite')  While there may be a good deal in what Wapler said, I had in mind (although I did not of course mention it) the case of the fairly high Foreign Office official controlling the Satellite desk, against whom the proposed action by the Surete had been suppressed on the orders of M. Pleven - the idea being that a French BURGESS and MACLEAN case would have an adverse effect upon the economic aid which the French Government were expecting from the United States. 
('I', 'San')  On the 11th April I left by air from San Francisco for New York, arriving midday on the 12th. 
('I', 'San')  I said that I though the arrangements that we had made would have to stand or fall on whether Aung San & Co were prepared to accept BATTERSBY: they had a reputation for frankness, and I imagine that if they did not like him they would say so. 
('I', 'San')  I said that I thought the arrangements that we had made would have to stand or fall on whether Aung San & Co were prepared to accept BATTERSBY: they had a renutation for frankness, and I imagine that if 36 they did not like him they would say so. 
('I', 'Roosevelt')  His first leak was I think Ambassador Phillips's report to Roosevelt on the situation in India, Incidentally a singularly ill-informed and stupid document. 
('I', 'Roosevelt')  I said I was forced to repeat to Franklin D. Roosevelt Jr. what I had said to McGrath in response to the latters observation that our failure to go along with the Zionists might lose the States of New York, Pennsylvania, and California, but I thought it was about time that somebody should pay some consideration to whether we might not lost the United States". 
('I', 'Roosevelt')  Stewart had some information, I gather of a reliable and very confidential kind, that Roosevelt was proposing to give us 100 destroyers, somewhat out of date but nevertheless useful. 
('I', 'Ronnie Howe')  , 'Vickery, Ronnie Howe and I had lunch with Sanjevi at the Savoy. 
('I', 'Ronnie Howe')  -------------- Ronnie Howe and I went to see Sir John Anderson, now Chairman of P.L.A. 
('I', 'Ronnie Howe')  I went to see Ronnie Howe and Burt, after receiving a message from Keith Randell in Germany about a Dr. MEYER of the Ministry of the Interior in Rhine Westphalia; who was visiting the Yard with officials from the other Laender. 
('I', 'Robert')  151 17th February I saw Herlihy, Sir Robert Knox's assistant, on the question of foreign decorations. 
('I', 'Robert')  I attended the Brook Corraittee meeting to-day, on which sir Harold Parker, Sir Robert Gould, Baker, Nicholis and Peck were present, Brook being in the Chair. 
('I', 'Robert')  I refer to the cases of Robert PETIN and PELLETIER. 
('I', 'Reception Centre')  I raised the question of principle as to whether or not war-time establishments such as London Reception Centre and Camp 020 should be placed in charge of an existing member of the staff, or someboyd* imported for the purpose. 
('I', 'Reception Centre')  I had a meetig with Toby, Adam, Lick, Abbott, Albert and Orr, on the subject of a Reception Centre for British subjects arriving from abroad. 
('I', 'Reception Centre')  I saw a man called Jones wno is a candidat for the post of enterrogator at the Reception Centre in London for British subjects. 
('I', 'Ralph')  5th April I lunched with Ralph Murray and Runacres of I.R.D. 
('I', 'Ralph')  I formed a rather better impression of Ralph Murray who seemed very keen about his job and anxious to co-operate with us. 
('I', 'Ralph')  I saw Sir Ralph Stephenson, Ambassador to Cairo, in the D.G's absence, with Shaw. 
('I', 'Quill')  Quill raised a point at to-day meeting of the Deputies of the J.I.C.as to what sources of intelligence would be available [missing] I said that we had some sort of a liaison with the Agency and that it might be that this could be continued if it were thought desirable. 
('I', 'Quill')  I pointed out that many of the problems mentioned by Quill had already been the subject of discussion while I was in Palestine. 
('I', 'Quill')  I pointed out that many of the problems mentioned by Quill had already been the subject of discussion while I was in Palestine. 
('I', 'Pilcher')  I have asked Pilcher whether it would be in order for us to interrogate Braune under 80a and ask him whether he took up this case at the request of the German Embassy. 
('I', 'Pilcher')  I explained to him that I had shown my memo to Toby Pilcher before submitting it in order that he might verify the facts and let me know wether he thought I hid been in any way unfair in my criticisms. 
('I', 'Pilcher')  I am suggesting Pilcher, who I think would do it very well. 
('I', 'Philip')  I went to see General Browning, who told me he was worried about a man called KIRKLAND BRIDGE who was raiaing funds for the Navy Comforts Fund and was therefore closely ansociated with Prince Philip, whom "Boy" Browning now looks after. 
('I', 'Philip')  Dick and I lunched with Philip Vickery, who is just back from Germany. 
('I', 'Philip')  October 15th I saw Loxley and handed him Lennox's memo on his interview with Philip JORDAN. 
('I', 'Peter Hope')  On arrival at Dieppe we were I am glad to say met by Peter Hope. 
('I', 'Peter Hope')  I talked to Peter Hope and also to Bobby McKenzie about the future of our office. 
('I', 'Peter Hope')  I saw Peter Hope, and told him that I was afraid there was nothing that we could offer him. 
('I', 'Patel')  Dick, Vickery, Bamford and I discussed my brief for Patel. 
('I', 'Patel')  I told them about my meeting with Patel, and D.I.B's unfortunate remark that it would be better for us to start with a clean slate and appoint somebody who had no previous connection with the Indian Police or the I.C.S. 
('I', 'Patel')  I told them about my meeting with Patel, and D.I.B's unfortunate remark that it would be better for us to start with a clean slate and appoint somebody who had no previous connection with the Indian Police or the I.C.S. 
('I', 'Palmer')  He offered to help, but I said that we were in close touch with Palmer. 
('I', 'Palmer')  I arranged to see Palmer for a moment on Saturday morning. 
('I', 'Palmer')  I attended a lecture given by Palmer, Cookie's number two, who is an ex-S.C.O., on the work of the Port and Travel Control Group in the war. 
('I', 'Overseas')  I said that in my view this was really a reversion to the old Overseas Control idea - I did not see how he could perform that function without cutting across the tracks of B.3., or without knowing all about the Intelligence of the area which he was visiting. 
('I', 'Overseas')  Horrocks, Dick, Charles and I had a discussion to-day on the D.G's request about the Overseas Division. 
('I', 'Overseas')  Gibbs is not angling for the position but I am certain that he could take over the whole business, probably with the assistance of Clayton, who is the only person in Overseas Control doing a really useful job of work. 
('I', 'Orr')  I went down and saw Charles immediately and repeated to him what Desmond Orr had told me. 
('I', 'Orr')  I had lunch with Orr. 
('I', 'Orr')  I had a meetig with Toby, Adam, Lick, Abbott, Albert and Orr, on the subject of a Reception Centre for British subjects arriving from abroad. 
('I', 'OSTRO')  In none of the papers can I find that OSTRO had any personal collaborator's - secretarial or otherwise - this, coupled with the fact that he had an undertaking with the Abwehr, that he would never be called upon to discuss his sources, would clearly have placed him in a strong position is it was his intention to mislead his superiors. 
('I', 'OSTRO')  In none of the papers can I find that OSTRO had any personal collaborator's- secretarial or otherwise - this, coupled with the fact that he had an undertaking with the Abwehr, that he would never be called upon to discuss his sources, would clearly have placed him in a strong position if it was his intention to mislead his superiors. 
('I', 'OSTRO')  In none of the papers can I find that OSTRO had any personal collaborator's secretarial or otherwise - this, coupled with the fact that he had an undertaking with the Abwehr, that he would never be called upon to discuss his sources, would clearly have placed him in a strong position if it was his intention to mislead his superiors. 
('I', 'Notice')  Lastly, I have arranged through Hill and McCullogh that if any paper asks whether they can publish the letter here their attention 75 should be drawn to D. Notice No. 
('I', 'Notice')  Lastly, I have arranged through Hill and McCullogh that if any paper asks whether they can publish the letter here their attention 45 should be drawn to D. Notice No. 
('I', 'Notice')  I felt, however, that in view of Colonial Office anxiety about publicity in connection with the D.G., and also certain anxiety in Downing Street, it might be well to explore whether Admiral Thompson could impress upon editors the fact that the D.G's movements really came within the terms of D. Notice No.1, i.e. 
('I', 'Norwegians')  I lunched with Corin, Burt and two Norwegians. 
('I', 'Norwegians')  After the lunch with the Norwegians, I spoke to Burt about an S.B. 
('I', 'Norwegians')  -------------- I had a talk with [redacted] who is over here for discussions with S.I.S., the Norwegians, and I believe, also the Swedes on S.O. 
('I', 'Noel')  I thought however that to make doubly sure he should see Hampshire before seeing PRINGSHEIM and point out that Noel Baker might have a come back from Lucy Middleton for disclosing the source of information which she had given in confidence. 
('I', 'Noel')  I saw Noel wild, who informed me about the latest L.C.S. 
('I', 'Noel')  Pat Daviss, who is Principal Secretary to Noel Baker, told me that she had recenly had a ridiculous report about Ireland from M.I.5, mentioning a sum of 250,000,000 said to be going from the I.R.A, I think, to Russia. 
('I', 'Noble')  I discussed with John Noble his rather successful visit to GC & CS where he had seen Hastings and Catty. 
('I', 'Noble')  Dick, Curry, John Noble and I gave a dinner to Sloane who is returning to Czechoslovakia. 
('I', 'Noble')  I am anxious that Patterson should complete his work on renegades as soon as possible in order that he can take over from John Noble and act as a receiving. 
('I', 'Nigeria')  I talked to Graham about a draft letter to the Colonial office on the subject of a teacher in Nigeria. 
('I', 'Nigeria')  -------------- Alec and I went to see Sir John MacPherson, Governor of Nigeria, who is home on leave. 
('I', 'Nigeria')  Before leaving this country I had seen Sir John MacPherson, Governor of Nigeria, on the question of our representation in Lagos, and acquainted him with our staffing problems. 
('I', 'Next')  Next day I was met by Vince Hurley of the FBI who got me a room at the Washington. 
('I', 'Next')  Next day (the 14th) at his special request I went to see Col. Sweeney in Pentagon Building. 
('I', 'Next')  Next day I saw Pat Stone. 
('I', 'Nenndorf')  I saw Maxwell and gave him an account of the Bad Nenndorf incident and Campbell's approach to us. 
('I', 'Nenndorf')  I saw Maxwell and gave him an account of the Bad Nenndorf incident and Campbell's approach to us. 
('I', 'Nenndorf')  I saw Maxwell and gave him an account of the Bad Nenndorf incident and Campbell's approach to us. 
('I', 'Ned')  In the meantime I shall ask Ned what he knows of Brunck. 
('I', 'Ned')  I saw Ned Reid about BRUNCK, who according to Padgham has been paying Schultzer-Bernett the head of the German S.S. in Holland. 
('I', 'Ned')  According to a report that I have had from Ned Reid, the son of the Dominican Minister in London has been selling Dominican passports at 100 a time to German Jewish refugees. 
('I', 'Nairobi')  I discussed with him the suggestion that it might be a good thing for us to have a DSO somewhere on the African continent and that Nairobi appears to be the most appropriate spot. 
('I', 'Nairobi')  I saw Walter Belll, who is leaving for Nairobi, I have sent a personal letter about him to Baskerbyle-Giegg, urging that he should be given as much scope as possible. 
('I', 'Nairobi')  I learned later that Duplessis had, in fact, arrived in Nairobi. 
('I', 'Mountbatten')  I spoke to Hilken after the meeting about the rumour that AMOS, an American who runs a news sheet, publishing a story that a member of mountbatten's start was a Communist end that Mountbatten himself" would have a Left wing influence in Palace circles. 
('I', 'Mountbatten')  I also gave him the gist of Drew's talk and apology at the J.I.C., and the developments in the Mountbatten affair. 
('I', 'Mountbatten')  As I was going out of the Navy building I passed Mountbatten who was under a battery of press cameras. 
('I', 'Monty')  I told him that if a suitable opportunity arose, I felt that we might now relent in the case of MOLLINA, who had passed on informa- tion to the Germans during the war about the bogus Monty. 
('I', 'Monty')  I told him that if a suitable opportunity arose, I felt that we might now relent in the case of MOLLINA, who had passed on informa- tion to the Germans during the war about the bogus Monty. 
('I', 'Monty')  I told him that if a suitable opportunity arose, I felt that we might now relent in the case of MOLLINA, who had passed on informa- tion to the Germans during the war about the bogus Monty. 
('I', 'Montreal')  I ascertained later that Serrano Suner's son is also employed at Montreal and that the Spanish Consul at Panama, Bernard, was to be reinforced by a new Spanish arrival from Madrid. 
('I', 'Montreal')  I left for Montreal on the night train with en route for England. 
('I', 'Montreal')  I am asking Victor to take the matter up in New York and Canada and if necessary B-W might go out to Montreal to do the job, which he would undoubtedly handle it extremely well. 
('I', 'Min')  I said it would be like looking for a needle in a haystack so far as the Min. 
('I', 'Min')  I telephoned to Min-Eye, who had previously telephoned to Dick. 
('I', 'Min')  Craufurd and I saw Burton of the Min. 
('I', 'Marine')  I said that I felt the straight- forward thing would be to put a Marine guard on board and let the Costa Rican Government and the Americans squeal. 
('I', 'Marine')  I said that I felt the straight- forward thing would be to put a Marine guard on board and let the Costa Rican Government and the Americans squeal. 
('I', 'Marine')  In the meantime I heard that one Mowrer, a representative of Knox of the Ministry for War or Marine in the U.S., had. 
('I', 'Makins')  I then spoke to Sir Roger Makins and gave him clearance for his telegram to Washington. 
('I', 'Makins')  I have arranged a meeting with Roger Makins and Perrin. 
('I', 'Makins')  I knew in fact, that Roger Makins, whom I have seen at the Travellers, was putting up a suggestion that the difficulty should be overcome by the matter being presented in the form of a request by M.I.5 for a representative of the F.B.I. 
('I', 'Madrid')  Medlam says that his correspondence comes by the direct route whereas as far as I can see we never know whether ours po by direct route or via Lisbon or Madrid. 
('I', 'Madrid')  I ascertained later that Serrano Suner's son is also employed at Montreal and that the Spanish Consul at Panama, Bernard, was to be reinforced by a new Spanish arrival from Madrid. 
('I', 'Madrid')  I asked them whether it would do any good if I spoke to External Affairs and impressed them with the dangers of the situation, since we knew perfectly well at home that all the Spanish Consuls were acting for the Germans and that any information which reached Madrid was handed over immediately to the Germans and Japanese. 
('I', 'MILNER')  This will enable us to discuss freely the case of MILNER, and I hope also details of the Washington case, but for the latter we shall have to rely upon Travis. 
('I', 'MILNER')  He said that he would be grateful if I would keep him informed, since if Nimitz was inclined to accept MILNER the Foreign Office would probably want to weigh in. 
('I', 'MILNER')  I told him that we had had a reply from Thistle, saying that the information had been passed both to the State Department and the Navy Department in the flat terms that MILNER was a Russian espionage agent. 
('I', 'MENON')  I said that as long as MENON remained, nobody could say that Indian security was good. 
('I', 'MENON')  I went and saw Burt and told him the story of MENON, and Dick Butier. 
('I', 'MENON')  I explained that we were doing what we could to get rid of Krishna MENON. 
('I', 'Loxley')  In the evening I had a talk wita Peter Loxley about A.C.E. 
('I', 'Loxley')  October 15th I saw Loxley and handed him Lennox's memo on his interview with Philip JORDAN. 
('I', 'Loxley')  I undertook to speak to Loxley and obtain his support. 
('I', 'Lish Whitson')  I said that Lish Whitson seemed to be far more concerned with finding out exactly where the offences in America were committed than anything else. 
('I', 'Lish Whitson')  -------------- I spent the evening with Lish Whitson and Johnny Cimperman. 
('I', 'Lish Whitson')  Lish Whitson came in to say goodbye and I went out to lunch with him and Johnny Cimperman. 
('I', 'Kerr')  Cecil and I dined with McKenna and a man called Kerr who is in the Contracts Branch of the Ministry of Defence. 
('I', 'Kerr')  Cecil and I dined again last night with McKenna and Kerr. 
('I', 'Kerr')  I congratulated Kerr on his coup and on the way which he had tabulated the information to suit our files. 
('I', 'Kenya')  On second thoughts I felt that the risks involved in sending records abroad were not really justifiable, unless we thought that information of real value affecting the situation in Kenya was likely to be missed. 
('I', 'Kenya')  I told Horrocks that I thought that, had we acted a little earlier we might have got the cases for Kenya flown out, but that in the present circumstances we had no alternative but to send them to Mombasa. 
('I', 'Kenya')  I said that I was rather worried about the refusal of Kenya to accept an expert to set up the Interrogation Centre, as I had in mind the many mistakes that had been made in Malaya. 
('I', 'Kenneth Strong')  I told him that Kenneth Strong was unable to give him any employment in J.I.B., but that if he were going to Malaya or Java he would be glad to establish local contact, since rubber was a subject in which his department was interested Viv rang me up to ask me whether I had been Jenkin's letter in the Pakistan Times, to which the answer is "I'll say"!! 
('I', 'Kenneth Strong')  I told him that Kenneth Strong was unable to give him any employment in J.I.B., but that if he were going to Malaya or Java he would be glad to establish local contact, since rubber was a subject in which his department was interested. 
('I', 'Kenneth Strong')  The only strong opponent was Kenneth Strong, with whose arguments I felt in substantial agreement. 
('I', 'Kennedy')  I asked Kennedy to go over and discuss the matter with Strutt, as a result of which a telegram is being sent to the British representative. 
('I', 'Kennedy')  July 16th At Herschel Johnson's request I lunched today with Klemmer of the American Embassy, who has been instructed by Joe Kennedy to produce a report on the 5th Column I gave him as general a picture as I could on the situation here. 
('I', 'Kennedy')  I gather also that de COURCY has been talking about the Second Front and that he is in close contact with Kennedy of the Planning Dept. 
('I', 'Johnstone')  I lunchea with Van Moyaand to-day and tola him that Felix Johnstone was to visit Phillips of Einthoven. 
('I', 'Johnstone')  I had a long meeting with Roger, F.J. and Felix Johnstone about the Phillips Group. 
('I', 'Johnstone')  -------------- I telephoned to Brigadier Johnstone, D.D.M.I., and gave him a brief resume or that he knew about Nicholas STRAUSSLER. 
('I', 'Johnston')  I passed his information on to Malcom Johnston. 
('I', 'Johnston')  161 I talked to Dick and Courtenay about SIFE, we thought of Magan as successor to Johnston, but came to the conclusion that as he had been moved once from Palestine, it would be impossible to move him again. 
('I', 'Johnston')  I saw Johnston today, who is a candidate for employment here and a friend of Kenneth Younger. 
('I', 'John Shaw')  I told the D.G, that Sir John Shaw had a very limited knowledge about the whole organisation and work, and that I doubted very much whether he had any idea what the head of S.I.M.E. 
('I', 'John Shaw')  I dined with Sir John Shaw. 
('I', 'John Shaw')  I gave John Shaw an account of the J.I.C. 
('I', 'John Maffey')  I said that so far as I knew the Dominions Office had communicated to Sir John Maffey the terms on which the Control Commission were prepared to receive the prisoner back in Germany; I did not know what these terms were. 
('I', 'John Maffey')  I said that I did not think there was any objection to sending them both through us and through Sir John Maffey. 
('I', 'John Maffey')  Cecil and I went to the D.C. to attend a meeting at which Sir John Maffey was present. 
('I', 'Jim Hale')  I told him that neither Jim Hale nor I had any feelings about who ran it but that we both were strong_y of the opinion that whoever controlled SCHWEPPES should also have access to all the material relevant to the case which would be obtained from other sources. 
('I', 'Jim Hale')  I have got Jim Hale working on a list of Germans for repatriation. 
('I', 'Jim Hale')  Jim Hale has the matter in hand, but I gather that it does not present any very great difficulty. 
('I', 'Jersey')  I saw Mr. Harrison, Attorney-General of Jersey, who had been very co-operative on the occasion of Perfect's visit to the Island. 
('I', 'Jersey')  I pointed out to him that it would be quite possible for an alien to be refused a permit to leave this country and then to proceed to Jersey and thence to France. 
('I', 'Jersey')  There is however nothing to prevent Cat.C aliens here from going to Jersey although I do not think they can do much harm. 
('I', 'Japs')  He may find that the Japs are intermediaries between the I.R.A. 
('I', 'Japs')  I do not think he will have much to do with Germans but possibly quite a lot with Japs. 
('I', 'Japs')  I think only roughly between 2 and 3,000 Germans, a similar number of Italians and perhaps 4,000 Japs. 
('I', 'Jap')  C. apparently was not anxious for the Governor to be told about the source, though I personally cannot see that it matters very much now since (a) there are no more Jap BJs and (b) the Americans have blown far and wide the fact that the telegrams were decyphered. 
('I', 'Jap')  I imagine that this is the result of the negotiations between Craigie and the Jap Govt. 
('I', 'Jap')  I have just seena report from India on the infiltration of Jap agents. 
('I', 'Jamaica')  I asked Clayton to tell me about BUSTAMENTE and PIXLEY, who were at present on trial in Jamaica. 
('I', 'Jamaica')  He is going to Jamaica, I told him that I would give him an introduction to Bill Stephenson, who might possibly be able to help him. 
('I', 'Jamaica')  He is going to Jamaica, I told him that I would give him an introduction to Bill Stephenson, who might possibly be able to help him. 
('I', 'International')  Oct 2011 I think, however, that we ought to clear up once and for all the position of the British Society fbr International Understanding vis a vis the War Office. 
('I', 'International')  The extent to which information on the International Communist Movement is being collated and disseminated, for one reason or another, by a whole host of different bodies, has readhed a somewhat critical stage, Something will have to be done to rationalise the position, We did draft a letter to Hayter some time ago, but it was withheld in order to see whether our improved relations with I.R.D. 
('I', 'International')  I explained that Irvine had written this document at the request of the S.I.C., and in his capacity as International Secretary. 
('I', 'Indians')  telephoned about the Indians attending the I.D.C. 
('I', 'Indians')  There would be a danger with regard to documents, and also with regard to Indians who wished to come here to attend Courses, including the I.D.C. 
('I', 'Indians')  I did not feel that I could say what I normally do if the Indians were there, and that if I did not tell the whole story it was difficult to make sense of our activities during the war. 
('Hyderabad', 'VILLARS')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy : this related to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Hyderabad', 'VILLARS')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy: this related - to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Hyderabad', 'VILLARS')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy : this related to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Hyderabad', 'Maxwell')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy : this related to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Hyderabad', 'Maxwell')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy: this related - to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Hyderabad', 'Maxwell')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy : this related to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Hyderabad', 'Italy')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy : this related to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Hyderabad', 'Italy')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy: this related - to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Hyderabad', 'Italy')  He also lent me a paper which he received from a Colonel Maxwell in Italy : this related to the supply by our old friend GRAFFENREID VILLARS of arms to Hyderabad or Pakistan. 
('Hyde', 'Tangye')  789 September 23rd Harker, M., Fulford, Tangye and I considered the case of Claud COCKBURN, who had approached Tangye and wanted him, Hyde, and Wilfred Roberts Mer, to form a small committee to assist C. [COCKBURN] in running The Week. 
('Hyde', 'Tangye')  Tangye, Hyde and Roberts were to follow up certain clues that he would give them, and also supply him with as much information as possible. 
('Hyde', 'Tangye')  departments It was decided that as far as possible Tangye should use Hyde as a screen. 
('Hutson', 'I')  Later I also talked to Hutson who is now in Markbreiter's job. 
('Hutson', 'I')  I said that Newsam had ruled that these bases should in future go direct to Mr. Hutson and Mr. Weiler, unless they were exceptional - in which case he himself should be consulted. 
('Hutson', 'I')  I went on to say that I had recently had a telephone call from Hutson of the Home Office, who was somewhat perturbed by something he had seen in the papers to the effect that we were reviewing all naturalisation cases. 
('Hungarian', 'REVAI')  My own impression of the whole case is, that ideologically REVAI was with the Hungarian Government and that he probably is still. 
('Hungarian', 'REVAI')  He had refused to accept office here, either as head of the Hungarian Information Bureau or as Minister, possibly because he thought that in so doing he might compromise his position here vis a vis the British authorities (this view was rather reinforced by a statement by Blunt, to the effect that REVAI had been considerably worried at the possibility that if he were to go abroad he might find himself 'gated' on his return); in other words, he had hoped to get the best of both worlds, but, rather tardily, saw the dangers of getting the worst, ie. 
('Hungarian', 'REVAI')  I suggested to Blunt that the motive might have been somewhat more sinister since it was about this time that REVAI seemed to have made up his mind that he would not be acceptable to the Hungarian Government. 
('Horrocks', 'Spencer')  Horrocks said that he could perfectly well get on with Joe Spencer, who would take over Malcom's A. duties. 
('Horrocks', 'Spencer')  Horrocks said that he could perfectly well get on with Joe Spencer, who would take over Malcom's A. duties. 
('Horrocks', 'Spencer')  Horrocks said that he could perfectly well get on with Joe Spencer, who would take over Malcom's A. duties. 
('Horrocks', 'SIME')  I had a meeting with Charles, Horrocks, Dick, Ede, Clayton and Kellar to discuss administrative matters in connection with SIFE and SIME. 
('Horrocks', 'SIME')  Horrocks complained that he could not get any answer from SIME. 
('Horrocks', 'SIME')  Since Alex is likely to be on the sick list for some months, we felt that Magan would have to go as Head of SIME, Dick has complete powers to arrange what he can with the High Commissioner, Kellar suggested that either Dick or, strangely, Horrocks should take over during his absence. 
('Horrocks', 'Magan')  had apparently - aided and abetted by Horrocks - drawn up an instruction to Magan that any reports which he considered of importance were to be sent to the D.G. 
('Horrocks', 'Magan')  He thought emphatically that Magan was the man, Curiously enough, Horrocks has been saying the same thing! 
('Horrocks', 'Magan')  Since Alex is likely to be on the sick list for some months, we felt that Magan would have to go as Head of SIME, Dick has complete powers to arrange what he can with the High Commissioner, Kellar suggested that either Dick or, strangely, Horrocks should take over during his absence. 
('Horrocks', 'Kenya')  Horrocks came to show me a telegram from Kenya instructing him to send out a competent Registry girl to reorganise the local S.B. 
('Horrocks', 'Kenya')  I told Horrocks that I thought that, had we acted a little earlier we might have got the cases for Kenya flown out, but that in the present circumstances we had no alternative but to send them to Mombasa. 
('Horrocks', 'Kenya')  Horrocks told me that he had arranged for someone to go out to Kenya to reorganise the S.B. 
('Horrocks', 'Joe Spencer')  Horrocks said that he could perfectly well get on with Joe Spencer, who would take over Malcom's A. duties. 
('Horrocks', 'Joe Spencer')  Horrocks said that he could perfectly well get on with Joe Spencer, who would take over Malcom's A. duties. 
('Horrocks', 'Joe Spencer')  Horrocks said that he could perfectly well get on with Joe Spencer, who would take over Malcom's A. duties. 
('Horrocks', 'Joe')  Horrocks said that he could perfectly well get on with Joe Spencer, who would take over Malcom's A. duties. 
('Horrocks', 'Joe')  Horrocks said that he could perfectly well get on with Joe Spencer, who would take over Malcom's A. duties. 
('Horrocks', 'Joe')  Horrocks said that he could perfectly well get on with Joe Spencer, who would take over Malcom's A. duties. 
('Holmes', 'Mann')  I had a meeting with Perfect, Holmes, Bodaington and Mann. 
('Holmes', 'Mann')  -------------- I held a meeting to-day with Hollis, Furnival-Jones, Perfect, Holmes, Oughton and Mann on the question of Police vetting. 
('Holmes', 'Mann')  There the matter had rested until Holmes and Mann had gone down to see Wilkinson and Jones, with the suggestion that perhaps Jones might lecture to one of these courses as he had previously promised to do. 
('Hollis', 'Senior')  17th January Hollis und Paynter came to see me about a request from the Senior Air Technical Liaison officer at the U.S. Embassy, Lt. Col. award Paine. 
('Hollis', 'Senior')  It was difficult to see what Kellar would do, since if Hollis became Director of overseas stations he certainly would not want a Senior officer. 
('Hollis', 'Senior')  Hollis and I expressed the view that such officers were not fitted to take over a Senior officer's job until they had been back here for about two years. 
('Hollis', 'Mitchell')  Mitchell pointed out, and was supported by Hollis, that there were, certainly now and to a large extent at the time, many other projects of equal, if not greater, secrecy and importance than the atomic bomb, and that even today, in Category I there were no less than 61,000 employees. 
('Hollis', 'Mitchell')  Hollis, Graham Mitchell and I represented this office. 
('Hollis', 'Mitchell')  After three quarters of an hour he went on to Hollis, where he met Furnival Jones, Mitchell and Hinchley-Cooke. 
('Hollis', 'Kellar')  and I took Hayter to lunch and after- wards he had talks with Dick, Hollis and Kellar. 
('Hollis', 'Kellar')  was not prepared to allow this situation to remery itself when Kellar returned and other suitable officers were found to man the sections, the only possible arrangement would be for Hollis to become an additional Director and hol the position in the office of Deputy B.; this would to some extent ease this burden and ensure that overseas matters were represented on the Directorial Board. 
('Hollis', 'Kellar')  It was difficult to see what Kellar would do, since if Hollis became Director of overseas stations he certainly would not want a Senior officer. 
('Holland', 'Union')  During the year considerable progress has been made with Western Union, which is now backed by the Atlantic Pact, and there are certainly signs of economic recovery, particularly in Holland and Belgium. 
('Holland', 'Union')  ALI SHAH had apparently ingratiated himself with [redacted] who, backed by industrials in Holland, had put up the sum of 6,000 to assist in running a Moslem Union. 
('Holland', 'Union')  MARCHBANK of the Railwaymens Union is anxious to get hold of one MOLLITER, a Railway Trade Unionist who was imprisoned by the Gestapo and allowed out on the condition that he worked for them in Holland. 
('Holland', 'Poland')  Two envoys are said to have come to Holland on his mission and were anxious to see a British cabinet Minister in order to get some assurance that if they took over and proposed the restoration of Poland and Czechoslovakia, Germany would be given an honourable settle- ent. 
('Holland', 'Poland')  that one ABS of the Deutsches Bank had been in Holland recently and had said much the same thing except that Poland and Czechoslovakia would have to be demilitarised. 
('Holland', 'Poland')  He had made a careful study of broadcasting methods when the Germans took Poland and also when they took Holland. 
('Holland', 'Johnson')  Burt brought in Johnson, who has just been giving instruction in Holland to Einthoven's organisation, at the request of M.I.,6. 
('Holland', 'Johnson')  Burt brought in Johnson, who has just been giving instruction in Holland to Einthoven's organisation, at the request of M.I.6. 
('Holland', 'Johnson')  Burt brought in Johnson, who has just been giving instruction in Holland to Einthoven's organisation, at the request of M.I.6. 
('Holderness', 'I')  I have asked Holderness for a ruling. 
('Holderness', 'I')  I said that the internment or release of enemy aliens was primarily the concern of the security service and to ignore the security records in dealing with their case struck me as being the height of insanity He said that the matter had been discussed between Maxwell and Sir Ernest Holderness and that we had agreed to our records being ignored. 
('Holderness', 'I')  I told Holderness that we had prepared a memo for the H.O. 
('Hitler', 'Stalin')  It is argued that Hitler wrote Mein Kampf which he tried to carry out to the letter, but nobody paid any attention and that it might therefore be as well to give due weight to the words of Lenin and Stalin. 
('Hitler', 'Stalin')  It is argued that Hitler wrote Mein Kampf which he tried to carry out to the letter, but nobody paid any attention and that it might therefore be as well to give due 75 weight to the words of Lenin and Stalin. 
('Hitler', 'Stalin')  He had told the Communists that he wished to go and see Stalin but when he reached Kabul he decided, after being approached by the Germans tut he would prefer to see Hitler. 
('Hitler', 'Poland')  The first evidence of conspiracy seems to date from the document of May, 1937, when Hitler summoned his Chiefs of Staff and Ministers and told them to prepare for operations against Czecho-Slovakia and Poland, which he envisaged might well involve Germany in war with France and England. 
('Hitler', 'Poland')  He had previously been under the impression that Hitler would not face up to the attack on Poland. 
('Hitler', 'Poland')  J.35 has reported that the reason for the German abstention from bombing England or France is that Hitler intends to destroy Poland and then offer to make peace on the grounds that he has taken no offensive action against the allies. 
('Hill', 'Vivian')  Vivian and Hill came to talk to me about the proposal by the Government Publications Section that short stories of S.O.E., M.I.6. 
('Hill', 'Vivian')  Vivian and Hill came to talk to me about the proposal by the Government Publications Section that short stories of S.O.E., M.I.6. 
('Hill', 'Vivian')  [redacted] and that Vivian and Hill would see Carey Foster again. 
('Hill', 'Skardon')  I have in mind also Hill or B.1C and Skardon but their participation is problematical for a variety of reasons. 
('Hill', 'Skardon')  [redacted] came over and I gave him the story about FUCHS, in the presence of Dick, John, James, Skardon, and Hill. 
('Hill', 'Skardon')  -------------- Hill and Skardon went over to see the D.P.P. 
('Hill', 'Red Cross')  Roger, Miss Chenhalls, [missing] and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Hill', 'Red Cross')  Roger, Miss Chenhalls,		and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Hill', 'Red Cross')  12th November, Roger, Miss Chenhalls, and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Hill', 'International')  Roger, Miss Chenhalls, [missing] and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Hill', 'International')  Roger, Miss Chenhalls,		and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Hill', 'International')  12th November, Roger, Miss Chenhalls, and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Hilda', 'PEACH')  Hilda and PEACH met me in the hall and I greeted PEACH in the normal way. 
('Hilda', 'PEACH')  The only hint that I got as to the extent or otherwise of the Harris' knowledge of the PEACH case was when I was alone for a moment with Hilda. 
('Hilda', 'PEACH')  He, Hilda and PEACH are leaving on April 22nd; PEACH going to Spain and the other too to Mallorca, as far as I can understand. 
('Herbert', 'Maxwell')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Herbert', 'Maxwell')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Herbert', 'Maxwell')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about pundishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Peake, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Head', 'WINTERBORN')  We have a telegram in about WINTERBORN, who has been offered a job as Head of the J.I.S. 
('Head', 'WINTERBORN')  We decided that Hugh WINTERBORN should be made Head of S.I.F.E., but at the conclusion of his term with that organisation should, if he desired to join the Security Service,revert to the scale of other officers who have recently joined. 
('Head', 'WINTERBORN')  We decided that Hugh WINTERBORN should be made Head of S.I.F.E., but at the conclusion of his term with that organisation should, if he desired to join the Security Service,revert to th scale of other officers who have recently joined. 
('Head', 'Swinton')  The camp had been set up on the orders of Lord Swinton, who was, I believe, at that time Executive Head of M.1.5. 
('Head', 'Swinton')  The camp had been set up on the orders of Lord Swinton, who was, I believe, at that time Executive Head of M.I.5. 
('Head', 'Swinton')  The camp had been set up on the orders of Lord Swinton, who was, I believe, 155 at that time Executive Head of M.I.5. 
('Head', 'Prince')  It was alleged that a good deal of his information related to air matters, and that he obtained details about our production and about our operations through the Head of the Czech Air Force, JANOUSHEK, and that the Czech Minister, Prince LOBKOWITZ, was also involved. 
('Head', 'Prince')  It was alleged that a good deal of his information related to air matters, and that he obtained details about our production and about our operations through the Head or the Czech Air Force, JANOUSHEK, and that the Czech Minister, Prince LOBKOWITZ, was also involved. 
('Head', 'Prince')  It was alleged that a good deal of his information related to air matters, and that he obtained details about our production 106 and about our operations through the Head or the Czech Air Force, JANOUSHEK, and that the Czech Minister, Prince LOBKOWITZ, was also involved. 
('Head', 'Kellar')  said that he would speak 102 to Kellar and has, I think, made up his mind to appoint him as Head of S.I.M.E. 
('Head', 'Kellar')  Since Alex is likely to be on the sick list for some months, we felt that Magan would have to go as Head of SIME, Dick has complete powers to arrange what he can with the High Commissioner, Kellar suggested that either Dick or, strangely, Horrocks should take over during his absence. 
('Head', 'Kellar')  Kellar has, I think, persuaded him that such qualifications are not necessary in the Head of S.I.F.E. 
('Head', 'Horrocks')  and Horrocks were persuaded that what was required as Head of S.I.M.E. 
('Head', 'Horrocks')  Since Alex is likely to be on the sick list for some months, we felt that Magan would have to go as Head of SIME, Dick has complete powers to arrange what he can with the High Commissioner, Kellar suggested that either Dick or, strangely, Horrocks should take over during his absence. 
('Head', 'Horrocks')  Horrocks appeared to think that it ought to be done having in mind the case of [redacted] but the rest of us agreed that overseas officers must be responsible and that even if such a list were received, it would not mean very much to Head Office. 
('Harvey', 'I')  On the 13th I saw Lish Witson and Harvey, both of whom are working on communist matters. 
('Harvey', 'I')  I lunched with Lish Witson and Harvey and discussed mainly ancient history. 
('Harvey', 'I')  As Harvey has at present tnonging to do he will be very glad to join them I expect. 
('Hart', 'Stopford')  Stopford and Hart dined with Diplock last night. 
('Hart', 'Stopford')  Diplock had been per- suaded that their arguments were good, but after several hours with Hart and Stopford he now thinks they are bad. 
('Hart', 'Stopford')  He has asked Hart and Stopford to produce a note giving concrete examples of how impossible it would be for us to function in the country owing to our relations with Govt. 
('Hart', 'ISOS')  sent me over to see C. about T. A. R. taking with him to Cairo a memo compiled by Hart from ISOS and ISK. 
('Hart', 'ISOS')  Dick, Hart and I had a meeting about the Belgian THORN, who has appeared on ISOS. 
('Hart', 'ISOS')  Section V. act mainly as a conduit pipe about ISOS and that Maunsell clearly has nobody to give him a general apprecia- tion of this information in the way that Hart provides it for us. 
('Harry', 'Roger')  He saw Harry, Dick, Alec and Roger and I think felt that his visit had been profitable. 
('Harry', 'Roger')  7th January I had a meeting with Harry Allen, Horrocks, Roger, Stanley Strong and Adam about the vetting of civil servants. 
('Harry', 'Roger')  Harry, Roger, Jo Archer,FJ. 
('Harry', 'Jo Archer')  Had a meeting with Harry Allen, Tar, Jo Archer and Lee on the question of German scientists. 
('Harry', 'Jo Archer')  Harry, Roger, Jo Archer,FJ. 
('Harry', 'Jo Archer')  I described to them more or less the basic functions of the office and they subsequently had talks with Harry Allen, Jo Archer, Hollis and Dick/ 11th February. 
('Harker', 'Van')  Harker saw Van, who seemed slightly more hopeful. 
('Harker', 'Van')  P.M. Harker has seen Van at the F.O. 
('Harker', 'Van')  Harker saw Van today, and gave him 4.35's latest report. 
('Harker', 'Maxwell')  Harker came to tell me that Maxwell had agreed to the annual review of HOWs. 
('Harker', 'Maxwell')  It was agreed that Harker should see Maxwell and try and get some improvement. 
('Harker', 'Maxwell')  Harker took the information on to Maxwell explaining the possible implications, namely that documents would be found which might necessitate precautions against the B.U.F. 
('Harker', 'Jane Archer')  (iii) I think that Harker was to a large extent to blame; but for his incompetence the situation would never have arised, and he had, moreover, over a period of many years, encouraged frank criticism from Jane Archer. 
('Harker', 'Jane Archer')  While I thought that technically Mrs. Archer had not got a leg to (iii) I think that Harker was to a large extent to blame; but for his incompetence the situation would never have arised and he had, moreover, over a period of many years, encouraged frank criticism from Jane Archer. 
('Harker', 'Jane Archer')  While I thought that technically Mrs. Archer had not got a leg to 117 (iii) I think that Harker was to a large extent to blame; but for his incompetence the situation would never have arised and he had, moreover, over a period of many years, encouraged frank criticism from Jane Archer. 
('Harker', 'Jane')  (iii) I think that Harker was to a large extent to blame; but for his incompetence the situation would never have arised, and he had, moreover, over a period of many years, encouraged frank criticism from Jane Archer. 
('Harker', 'Jane')  While I thought that technically Mrs. Archer had not got a leg to (iii) I think that Harker was to a large extent to blame; but for his incompetence the situation would never have arised and he had, moreover, over a period of many years, encouraged frank criticism from Jane Archer. 
('Harker', 'Jane')  While I thought that technically Mrs. Archer had not got a leg to 117 (iii) I think that Harker was to a large extent to blame; but for his incompetence the situation would never have arised and he had, moreover, over a period of many years, encouraged frank criticism from Jane Archer. 
('Hankey', 'John')  The following were to be present: S. of S., First Lord, Eden, Hankey, and Sir John Anderson. 
('Hankey', 'John')  Hankey said that Sir John Anderson always had an answer. 
('Hankey', 'John')  The Board Meeting also discussed a letter from Lord Hankey forwarding a copy of a letter from Eden and also one from Sir John Maffey. 
('Hankey', 'I')  I had a discussion today with Charles and Harker about the future meeting with Hankey. 
('Hankey', 'I')  I had a rather disappointing interview with Hankey. 
('Hankey', 'I')  Cecil and I went to see Lord Hankey at 4.45. 
('Hankey', 'Harker')  Harker was asked to go and see Hankey on the Eire question. 
('Hankey', 'Harker')  I had a discussion today with Charles and Harker about the future meeting with Hankey. 
('Hankey', 'Harker')  There was a meeting of the Bacteriological Committee in the afternoon which was attended by Harker, Lord Hankey was in the chair and about 30 other people were present. 
('Hamburg', 'OSTRO')  OSTRO alleges that he came to an arrangement with Mr. Hartmann, a member of the staff of "The Ironmonger, that these reports should be readressed* to him in Hamburg after the magazine had used what they needed for their own publication. 
('Hamburg', 'OSTRO')  OSTRO alleges that he came to an arrangement with Mr. Hartmann, a member of the staff of "The Ironmonger", that these reports should be readressed to him in Hamburg after the magazine had used what they needed for their own publication. 
('Hamburg', 'OSTRO')  OSTRO alleges that he came to an arrangement with Mr. Hartmann, a member of the staff of "The Ironmonger", that these reports should be readressed to him in Hamburg after the magazine had used what they needed for their own publication. 
('Hamburg', 'Hartmann')  OSTRO alleges that he came to an arrangement with Mr. Hartmann, a member of the staff of "The Ironmonger, that these reports should be readressed* to him in Hamburg after the magazine had used what they needed for their own publication. 
('Hamburg', 'Hartmann')  OSTRO alleges that he came to an arrangement with Mr. Hartmann, a member of the staff of "The Ironmonger", that these reports should be readressed to him in Hamburg after the magazine had used what they needed for their own publication. 
('Hamburg', 'Hartmann')  OSTRO alleges that he came to an arrangement with Mr. Hartmann, a member of the staff of "The Ironmonger", that these reports should be readressed to him in Hamburg after the magazine had used what they needed for their own publication. 
('Ham', 'White')  Itttold him that neither Dick White nor myself had any responsibility fir* the administration of Ham and that without reference to the files I could not give him first-hand knowledge of any standing orders there were about punish- ments. 
('Ham', 'White')  I told him that neither Dick White nor myself had any responsibility fir the administration of Ham and that without reference to the files I could not give him first-hand knowledge of any standing orders there were about punish- ments. 
('Ham', 'White')  I told him that neither Dick White nor myself had any responsibility for the administration of Ham and that without reference to the files I could not give him first-hand knowledge of any standing orders there were about punish- ments. 
('Hall', 'Stephens')  Hall came to see me from CSDIC bringing a letter from Stephens. 
('Hall', 'Stephens')  Mr. Hall was in the same position as Stimson at Camp 020 - in other words he was the Chief Administration Officer under Stephens until he was demobilised. 
('Hall', 'Stephens')  Mr. Hall was in the same position as Stimson at Camp 020 - in other words he was the Chief Administration Officer under Stephens until he was demobilised. 
('Hall', 'I')  I said that as regards Dartington Hall, it would never be possible to prevent people from writing in about it: every sort of allegation had been made, and the Police, in the kind of atmosphere that prevailed in 1940, doubtless felt that they were bound to investigate, I thought, how- ever, that the ghost of Dartington Hall had finally been laid. 
('Hall', 'I')  I asked Hall whether he would be prepared to see Dick Butler. 
('Hall', 'I')  I asked Hall whether he would be prepared to see Dick Butler. 
('HUNT', 'Rangoon')  A complaint was made by the S.O.I., Rangoon, 	about HUNT. 
('HUNT', 'Rangoon')  Rangoon said that he had never been able to ge anything out of HUNT, who had always given the impression that he only reported to the Prime Minister. 
('HUNT', 'Rangoon')  Dick and Courtenay tell me that HUNT, has incurred the displeasure of a number of people in Rangoon, but that Malcom Johnston, in conversation with Sir Gilbert Laithwaite, has temporarily smoothed matters over. 
('HEULE', 'Whyte')  Jock Whyte talked to me about the case of Van HEULE. 
('HEULE', 'Whyte')  Jock Whyte came to tell me about van HEULE. 
('HEULE', 'Whyte')  April 20th Jock Whyte came to see me about the Van HEULE case, which does not seem to be making much progress. 
('HEULE', 'Jock Whyte')  Jock Whyte talked to me about the case of Van HEULE. 
('HEULE', 'Jock Whyte')  Jock Whyte came to tell me about van HEULE. 
('HEULE', 'Jock Whyte')  April 20th Jock Whyte came to see me about the Van HEULE case, which does not seem to be making much progress. 
('HEULE', 'Jock')  Jock Whyte talked to me about the case of Van HEULE. 
('HEULE', 'Jock')  Jock Whyte came to tell me about van HEULE. 
('HEULE', 'Jock')  April 20th Jock Whyte came to see me about the Van HEULE case, which does not seem to be making much progress. 
('HARRIS', 'Simkins')  I had a long discussion with Simkins about Tommy HARRIS. 
('HARRIS', 'Simkins')  I had a further discussion about Tommy HARRIS with Dick and Anthony Simkins. 
('HARRIS', 'Simkins')  Simkins came to talk to me about the telephone warrant which has apparently been running on Tommy HARRIS for some time. 
('HARRIS', 'I')  I had a long discussion with Simkins about Tommy HARRIS. 
('HARRIS', 'I')  I had a further discussion about Tommy HARRIS with Dick and Anthony Simkins. 
('HARRIS', 'I')  I gave him my views about Tommy HARRIS and said that I was not in any way impeding enquiries. 
('Guthrie', 'Stratton')  I dined with Guthrie and Stratton. 
('Guthrie', 'Stratton')  Stratton is clearly a great supporter of Guthrie and would like to see him as a successor to Swinton. 
('Guthrie', 'Stratton')  I rather think that Tate and Drysdale have been somewhat upset by the visit of Guthrie and Stratton who must have given the impression that they do not think very much of the R.C.M.P. 
('Grogan', 'Herbert')  The matter has never been officially referred to us, but Grogan seems to have been lobbied by Herbert. 
('Grogan', 'Herbert')  Herbert said that although he had no complaint against Grogan he realised that Gibbs was by far the better man. 
('Grogan', 'Herbert')  at the same time, Herbert agreed that Gibbs who was a quicker worker than Grogan, would be able to carry this job, but he doubted whether Grogan could. 
('Grantham', 'I')  I saw Sir Alexander Grantham, the new Governor of Hong Kong, with the D.G., and talked to him out our representation in the colony. 
('Grantham', 'I')  I saw Sir Alexander Grantham, the new Governor of Hong Kong, with the D.G., and talked to him out our representation in the colony. 
('Grantham', 'I')  I said that if Grantham was not amenable to the proposals already agreed with C.I.A. 
('Governor', 'Uganda')  I cited to him the recent case of Uganda, where the Governor is embarrassed by the unchecked activities of MULUMBA and MUSAZI in London which are having a deplorable effect on the population. 
('Governor', 'Uganda')  We all agreed that there was little to be got out of direct observation, but that in deference to the wishes of the Governor of Uganda and the Colonial office we should give him another run for a short period. 
('Governor', 'Uganda')  Some complaint had reached his Minister from Fenner BROCKWAY that he had been followed by the police in Uganda and that instructions to this effect had been given by Hall, the Governor, who was on leave in this country. 
('Governor', 'Singapore')  The matter is to be discussed et the next meeting, the general opinion being that the Governor of Burma's telegrams should have been repeated to Singapore. 
('Governor', 'Singapore')  The matter is to be discussed at the next meeting, the general opinion being that the Governor of Burma's telegrams should have been repeated to Singapore. 
('Governor', 'Singapore')  in Singapore and the following attempt on the life of the Governor. 
('Governor', 'Shaw')  Sir John Shaw, the Governor, has got the wind up about Allan's visit, as the local Legislative Councii are only prepared to pay for two individuals who will be dealing with the general administration side of things. 
('Governor', 'Shaw')  Bridges had advised him to consult Lloyd, who had agreed with this view, and Lloyd had suggested, amongst others, Sir John Shaw, late Governor of Trinidad and Colonial Secretary in Palestine. 
('Governor', 'Shaw')  Shaw mentioned that he had had a telegram from Kellar about the request of the Governor in Nairobi that he should look into the whole security position in Kenya. 
('Governor', 'Nigeria')  -------------- Alec and I went to see Sir John MacPherson, Governor of Nigeria, who is home on leave. 
('Governor', 'Nigeria')  Before leaving this country I had seen Sir John MacPherson, Governor of Nigeria, on the question of our representation in Lagos, and acquainted him with our staffing problems. 
('Governor', 'Nigeria')  A case in point was a despatch sent home by the Acting Governor of Nigeria on the banning of Communist literature. 
('Governor', 'Kenya')  Shaw mentioned that he had had a telegram from Kellar about the request of the Governor in Nairobi that he should look into the whole security position in Kenya. 
('Governor', 'Kenya')  The Governor of Kenya has asked the Colonial Office to request the [missing].G. 
('Governor', 'Kenya')  told the meeting to-day about his visit to Kenya at the request of the Governor to look into security, with particular reference to MAU MAU. 
('Governor', 'Grantham')  I saw Sir Alexander Grantham, the new Governor of Hong Kong, with the D.G., and talked to him out our representation in the colony. 
('Governor', 'Grantham')  I saw Sir Alexander Grantham, the new Governor of Hong Kong, with the D.G., and talked to him out our representation in the colony. 
('Governor', 'Grantham')  Sir Alexander Grantham, Governor of Hong Kong, attended the J.I.C. 
('Govern', 'LASERSTEIN')  Machell came to see me about a man called LASERSTEIN, who he gathered had formerly been employed by ourselves [missing] and was turned down for further employment, He had heard that LASERSTEIN was now going to take up some job in the Afghan Govern- ment in Kabul. 
('Govern', 'LASERSTEIN')  He had heard that LASERSTEIN was now going to take up some job in the Afghan Govern- ment in Kabul. 
('Govern', 'LASERSTEIN')  He had heard that LASERSTEIN was now going to take up some job in the Afghan Govern- ment in Kabul. 
('Govern', 'Kabul')  Machell came to see me about a man called LASERSTEIN, who he gathered had formerly been employed by ourselves [missing] and was turned down for further employment, He had heard that LASERSTEIN was now going to take up some job in the Afghan Govern- ment in Kabul. 
('Govern', 'Kabul')  He had heard that LASERSTEIN was now going to take up some job in the Afghan Govern- ment in Kabul. 
('Govern', 'Kabul')  He had heard that LASERSTEIN was now going to take up some job in the Afghan Govern- ment in Kabul. 
('Gold Coast', 'Nigeria')  He now feels that not only does he want the officer who has just been sent out to Nigeria, but also one in the Gold Coast and one to act as Staff officer to himself in Accra. 
('Gold Coast', 'Nigeria')  job on the Gold Coast in addition to his wider duties, and transfer Rich to Nigeria. 
('Gold Coast', 'Nigeria')  Division work since ordinary security measures to cover the frontiers of Nigeria, Gold Coast, Sierra Leone and Gambia, .could not possibly be effective. 
('Giles', 'Roberts')  told me afterwards that Sir John Shaw, while having a very high opinion of Kellar's knowledge and ability, felt that as a successor to Douglas Roberts, Giles of the Palestine Police would be a better choice. 
('Giles', 'Roberts')  Moreover, Douglas Roberts contradicted himself completely when he said that Kellar would not be suitable as he is not a soldier and then recommended Giles who is a policeman. 
('Giles', 'Roberts')  He had already had the opinion of Roberts who began by saying that Kellar would not do because he was not a soldier and then went on to suggest Giles who was a Levantine policeman. 
('Gilbert', 'Stewart')  General Stewart, C.I.G.S., and Colonel Gilbert, Director of plans, of New Zealand visited the J.I.C. 
('Gilbert', 'Stewart')  Both General Stewart and Colonel Gilbert said that they fully understood the position and had not wished to imply in any way that the Security Service in this country was responsible, Oricoursen the person who was really responsible, although naturally I did not say this at the meeting, was the P. M. himself, who made a complete hash of the whole business. 
('Gilbert', 'Stewart')  I had the feeling that both General Stewart and Colonel Gilbert were not entirely satisfied with the present position. 
('Gibbs', 'Horrocks')  however suggested that Dick and Gibbs and possibly Horrocks should visit Glen- almond in order to satisfy themselves about the question of the move. 
('Gibbs', 'Horrocks')  At S.I.S's request Dick, Gibbs and Horrocks have examined the position at Glenalmond They are all agreed that Section V. can 692 move to London without dislocation and in fact with considerable advantages to themselves irrespective of the work they do for us. 
('Gibbs', 'Horrocks')  Felix, who has seen the D.G.s letter wants to see the reports by Dick, Gibbs and, Horrocks. 
('Gibbs', 'Herbert')  Herbert thought that his services could not be dispensed with but felt that a very useful purpose could be served by Gibbs getting into touch with S. I.S. 
('Gibbs', 'Herbert')  Herbert said that although he had no complaint against Grogan he realised that Gibbs was by far the better man. 
('Gibbs', 'Herbert')  at the same time, Herbert agreed that Gibbs who was a quicker worker than Grogan, would be able to carry this job, but he doubted whether Grogan could. 
('Gestapo', 'Navy')  I explained that it was not really within our Charter to look after the morale and discipline of the Navy: in fact the Prime Minister had attached great importance to our keeping clear of any possible accusation of being a Gestapo. 
('Gestapo', 'Navy')  I explained that it was not really within our Charter to look after the morale and discipline of the Navy: in fact the Prime Minister had attached great importance to our keeping clear of any possible accusation of being a Gestapo. 
('Gestapo', 'Navy')  I explained that it was not really within our Charter to look after the morale and discipline of the Navy: in fact the Prime Minister had attached great importance to our keeping clear of any possible accusation of being a Gestapo. 
('Gerald Templer', 'Stephens')  had a visit from Gerald Templer, to whom he explained his views on the Stephens case. 
('Gerald Templer', 'Stephens')  had a visit from Gerald Templer, to whom he explained his views on the Stephens case. 
('Gerald Templer', 'Stephens')  had a visit from Gerald Templer, to whom he explained his views on the Stephens case. 
('Gerald Templer', 'Morton')  Meanwhile, Gerald Templer, according to his tele- gram, had approached Morton in order to make another bid for his services. 
('Gerald Templer', 'Morton')  about a further approach to Morton by Gerald Templer for the former's services. 
('Gerald Templer', 'Morton')  We thought we ought to get this matter quite settled with Morton before Gerald Templer descends upon us. 
('Gerald Templer', 'Legion')  I have had a letter from Gerald Templer, drawing attention to a certain penetration of the British Legion in Hants and Dorset. 
('Gerald Templer', 'Legion')  I had a talk with Battersby about a letter from Gerald Templer on Communist penetration in the British Legion. 
('Gerald Templer', 'Legion')  15th September Gerald Templer asked me whether there was any objection to his communicating verbally to Fraser, Chairman of the British Legion, the factual evidence in my letter, and recommending, as coming from himself, the various counter-measures suggested. 
('Gerald Templer', 'I')  I have had a letter from Gerald Templer, drawing attention to a certain penetration of the British Legion in Hants and Dorset. 
('Gerald Templer', 'I')  I had a talk with Battersby about a letter from Gerald Templer on Communist penetration in the British Legion. 
('Gerald Templer', 'I')  telephoned to say that Gerald Templer had been receiving threatening letters to the effect that if he took up his appointment in I [missing]alaya his children here would be in jeopardy. 
('Gerald', 'Stephens')  had a visit from Gerald Templer, to whom he explained his views on the Stephens case. 
('Gerald', 'Stephens')  had a visit from Gerald Templer, to whom he explained his views on the Stephens case. 
('Gerald', 'Stephens')  had a visit from Gerald Templer, to whom he explained his views on the Stephens case. 
('George Jenkin', 'I')  George Jenkin rang me up to say that Laithwaite had had information, emanating, I think, from the North, to the effect that the I.R.A. 
('George Jenkin', 'I')  -------------- I lunched with George Jenkin. 
('George Jenkin', 'I')  I gather, however, that George Jenkin wants to go a little deeper; he wants to find one or two really high-grade agents who will have access to officials of the Executive Committee of the Malayan C.P. 
('George', 'Rizvi')  Rizvi, George Jenkin's Moslem Superintendent. 
('George', 'Rizvi')  Rizvi, George Jenkin's Moslem Superintendent. 
('George', 'Rizvi')  Rizvi, George Jenkin's Moslem Superintendent. 
('George', 'Moslem')  Rizvi, George Jenkin's Moslem Superintendent. 
('George', 'Moslem')  Rizvi, George Jenkin's Moslem Superintendent. 
('George', 'Moslem')  Rizvi, George Jenkin's Moslem Superintendent. 
('Geoffrey Patterson', 'I')  Geoffrey Patterson and I lunched with Bruce Henderson, General of Dakar. 
('Geoffrey Patterson', 'I')  -------------- I lunched with Geoffrey Patterson. 
('Geoffrey Patterson', 'I')  I pointed out that we had on the Appointments Board been endeavouring to not keep officers abroad for more than four years unless the circumstances were exceptional; it seemed to me that if Geoffrey Patterson was going to be in the line for promotion, he must show his capabilities as a desk officer here. 
('Gendarmerie', 'Wickham')  Wickham was very Insistent on keeping the Gendarmerie out of these operations, as he does not wish them to be in any way political. 
('Gendarmerie', 'Wickham')  Wickham was very insistent on keeping the Gendarmerie out of these operations, as he does not wish them to be in any way political. 
('Gendarmerie', 'Wickham')  Wickham was very insistent on keeping the Gendarmerie out of these operations, as he does not wish them to be in any way political. 
('Gardiner', 'I')  I showed the D.G, a letter that I was sending to Gardiner about the investigation of leakages. 
('Gardiner', 'I')  I have suggested to Gardiner that this one should form the basis of the document, and that the other one should be scrapped. 
('Gardiner', 'I')  I spoke to Gardiner at the J.I.C. 
('Garbo', 'Normandy')  While his enquiries are by no means complete they are already providing evidence to show that the Germans conducted the battle of Normandy on the basis on the report of Garbo and Brutus. 
('Garbo', 'Normandy')  Later in the day I called on Moore and left with him a paper giving our views (a) on the question of revealing strategic deception as a whole contrary to the Joint Chiefs of Staff ruling and (b) on the danger to both Garbo and Brutus in the light of recent revelations which made it clear that the battle of Normandy was fought almost entirely on their information. 
('Garbo', 'Normandy')  I pointed out that there was now conclusive proof that the Battle of Normandy had been run almost entirely on the information supplied by Brutus and Garbo and that as the Germans were still in the dark and thought that they had made a miscalculation, we should do our utmost to leave them and the rest of the world in ignorance of the true facts. 
('Gagnon', 'Wood')  Commissioner Wood is apparently going in a months time and will be succeeded by Gagnon, the French Canadian, who is from all accountsa first-class man. 
('Gagnon', 'Wood')  Commissioner Wood is apparently going in a months time and will be succeeded by Gagnon, the French Canadian, who is from all accountsa first-class man. 
('Gagnon', 'Wood')  Commissioner Wood is apparently going in a months time and will be succeeded by Gagnon, the French Canadian, who is from all accountsa first-class man. 
('Gagnon', 'Mills')  Gagnon had apparently talked about Cyril Mills, whom he evidently disliked. 
('Gagnon', 'Mills')  I have met McClellan; he makes a very good impression Gagnon had apparently talked about Cyril Mills, whom he evidently disliked. 
('Gagnon', 'Mills')  I have met McClellan; he makes a very good impression Gagnon had apparently talked about Cyril Mills, whom he evidently disliked. 
('Furnival Jones', 'Rolls')  meeting to-day, Furnival Jones raised the question of the twenty Russian engineers going to Rolls. 
('Furnival Jones', 'Rolls')  meeting to-day, Furnival Jones raised the question of the twenty Russian engineers going to Rolls. 
('Furnival Jones', 'Rolls')  meeting to-day, Furnival Jones raised the question of the twenty Russian engineers going to Rolls. 
('Frost', 'Swinton')  I told Swinton that we wanted three things, first of all, that he should see Frost personally and arrange that he should be in charge of a small committee which would try and work out the code and also that he should be available for consultation on a committee which can take action on the interpretation of the various broadcasts which are coming in now. 
('Frost', 'Swinton')  Swinton was very sympathetic and when I got back to the office I found that he had already rung up Frost who was going to see him, either tonight or tomorrow. 
('Frost', 'Swinton')  Swinton has agreed to the appointment of Frost as head of the Radio Security Committee, and will. 
('Frost', 'Hughes')  Dick had a discussion with Kellar and Hughes and it was arranged with Frost over the poor that a conference should be held at Barnet tomorrow to which G-P should ue invited. 
('Frost', 'Hughes')  Frost, Hughes, Dick and I had a meeting about the detection of illicit wireless and the part played by R.S.S. 
('Frost', 'Hughes')  Frost has had a conversation with Maltby who seems to be more or less prepared to consider all the points which were raised at the meeting between Frost, Dick, Hughes and my self the other day. 
('Fripp', 'I')  I suggested that when they had reached a conclusion, they should send for Fripp and tell him what they were prepared to do. 
('Fripp', 'I')  I suggested that when they had reached a conclusion, they should send for Fripp and tell him what they were prepared to do. 
('Fripp', 'I')  I suggested that when they had reached a conclusion, they should send for Fripp and tell him what they were prepared to do. 
('Fressanges', 'I')  to-day I spoke to Fressanges about [missing] told him that at all costs we did not want to exacerbate feelings. 
('Fressanges', 'I')  It was suggested, therefore, that I should ring up Fressanges and arrange an interview between him and Skardon. 
('Fressanges', 'I')  I rang Fressanges, who agreed to see Skardon. 
('Freetown', 'Stone')  Stone, one of the F.S.O.s from Freetown. 
('Freetown', 'Stone')  Stone and Rogers, late of Freetown, want to come up and see me. 
('Freetown', 'Stone')  904 November 2nd I had a long talk with Stone who is quite ready to go out to Freetown. 
('Freetown', 'Lisbon')  He says that Ostro's cover at Freetown was reflected through an employee of the Lisbon agency of an American Export Line who was later transferred to Freetown for his firm. 
('Freetown', 'Lisbon')  The German S.S. organisation in Lisbon have recently been pressing their branch at Bisao in Portuguese Guinea: to supply them with further and better information about Freetown, and have provided courier service in the form of a second officer. 
('Freetown', 'Lisbon')  The ship in which he was recently returning to Lisbon put in at Freetown and he was arrested. 
('Foynes', 'Lisbon')  The problem was now a far more important one, in view of Foynes having become a most important centre for air travel between the Americas and Europe, lines haveing* recently been opened from Foynes to Oslo, Stockholm and Copenhagen, in addition to the route to Lisbon. 
('Foynes', 'Lisbon')  Cecil tells me that he has been having difficulties with Herbert about the projected service from Foynes to America which in fact ridicules the attitude taken up by us some time ago about the service from Foynes to Lisbon. 
('Foynes', 'Lisbon')  It was also arranged that the same con- ditions imposed on the American export lines regarding visitors and mail from Foynes to Lisbon should be imposed on the new route being opened by Pan-American Airways. 
('Foxworth', 'I')  Later Wren and I went on to see Foxworth with whom we discussed the position of Tricycle. 
('Foxworth', 'I')  I gave Foxworth our views about the XX agent system and impressed upon him that it was impossible to run a man like Tricycle the way they were doing. 
('Foxworth', 'I')  I tried to explain to Foxworth that there was a great deal on the credit side. 
('Foulkes', 'Thistle')  Meanwhile, he wanted Foulkes and Thistle to go out to Palestine. 
('Foulkes', 'Thistle')  in London by the departure of Thistle and Foulkes. 
('Foulkes', 'Thistle')  at this end by being forced to send out Foulkes and Thistle. 
('Foster', 'I')  I said that if Carey Foster would get Harold Caccia to speak to me, I would certainly recommend him. 
('Foster', 'I')  I had a word with Carey Foster after the meeting about the Washington case. 
('Foster', 'I')  Nobody seems to think very much of the remainder of the Embassy staff except perhaps of John Foster who I believe has been quite a success. 
('Fleetwood', 'I')  I saw Roger Fleetwood-Hesketh at the club today. 
('Fleetwood', 'I')  I congratulated him on his work and explained to him on the basis of Roger Fleetwood-Hesketh's enquiries what an immensely important part it had played in the operations on the Second Front. 
('Fleetwood', 'I')  I saw Roger and Cuthbert Fleetwood-Hesketh when they produced for me documents showing the part played by GARBO and BRUTUS in the deception plan. 
('Fleet', 'Mediterranean')  It states "The position originally taken ur over Libya and Venezia Giulla, especially Trieste, and the bargaining over the disposal of the Italian Fleet, fall into place as part of a long-term scheme for establishing Russia as a maritime power in the Mediterranean with footholds if possible at Trieste, in the eastern Adriatic, in the Dodecanese, on the Straits and even in North Africa". 
('Fleet', 'Mediterranean')  Cecil heard this afternoon that the French Fleet was being sunk in the Mediterranean. 
('Fleet', 'Mediterranean')  Our Fleet in the eastern Mediterranean is now based on East Africa. 
('Fleet', 'I')  I talked to Thistlethwaite about my views on the Soviet Fleet. 
('Fleet', 'I')  I had a meeting with D.G., Lennox, Machell and Harris about plans for misleading Fleet St. about Torch. 
('Fleet', 'I')  and appear to think that the leakages in Fleet St. can best be dealt with either by talking to certain selected journalists and asking them to take a definite cover story line or by taking the Press fully into our confidence Personally I think that either line would be a mistake. 
('Findlater Stewart', 'I')  It is, I think, very much in his favour that Findlater Stewart recommends him as being entirely straight and keen. 
('Findlater Stewart', 'I')  and Findlater Stewart who I think had been lobbied. 
('Findlater Stewart', 'I')  He has re-drafted his memo on the Study Group which he wishes to send to Findlater Stewart and alsoto C. He asked me about the case of BARRA and I told him exactly what we were doing. 
('Felix', 'Vivian')  While I had the greatest respect for Vivian and his work, I did feel that he was very inclined to listen to Felix and that owing to the difficulties that he had had with Dansey he had developed a system of over-canalising which preven- ted people from getting together about their problems. 
('Felix', 'Vivian')  They are supported in this view by the majority of section officers working in Section V. but not by Felix and Vivian. 
('Felix', 'Vivian')  C. agrees with our recommendations subject to any thing that Vivian or Felix may have to say. 
('Feb.', 'Finland')  Speaking to Scandinavian journalists in confidence on Feb. 2nd Winston said that Norway and Sweden must give every possible assistance to Finland and that if Germany attacked them they could rely on England. 
('Feb.', 'Finland')  A report dated Feb. 7th is to the effect that a German delegation has gone to Finland to discuss trade matters and that the Finns are visiting Germany regarding timber contracts. 
('Feb.', 'Finland')  According to A.M. Intelligence, 294 Soviet aircraft have been brought down in Finland up to the 2nd Feb. 121 were shot down by fighters, 124 by anti-aircraft, 21 by infantry and 28 landed owing to engine trouble. 
('FUCHS', 'White')  He mentioned to me that he had spoken to Dick White a propos of FUCHS, expressing his distress at our being pilloried in the press, and offering, if we thought any useful purpose would be served, to present our case, in any form in which we might like to put it forward, to the National Council, C.I.A. 
('FUCHS', 'White')  Dick White had had to put on a cabaret show on the FUCHS case to keep things going. 
('FUCHS', 'White')  He was interested in the case of SOUKHOMLINE, a White Russian in Paris, who had been mentioned by FUCHS. 
('FUCHS', 'Robertson')  I had a meeting with D.C., C.2, Martin and James Robertson about the FUCHS case, to try and clear our minds before high-level meeting to-morrow with Atomic Energy. 
('FUCHS', 'Robertson')  Skardon gave an account of his interview with FUCHS to the D.G., Dick, Marriott, Robertson and myself. 
('FUCHS', 'Robertson')  He drew attention in particular to a minute by Tar Robertson which had expressed the view that FUCHS might well be a spy, and also to one by Michael Serpell expressing the view that both FUCHS and PEIERLS. 
('FUCHS', 'Penney')  Ich rang up to-day to say that he understood we were refusing to allow to accompany Penney on his visit to FUCHS. 
('FUCHS', 'Penney')  'C' replied that Penney knew FUCHS, and implied that he would not, therefore, need anyone to effect an introduction. 
('FUCHS', 'Penney')  I said that this was not really the point, and that in any case Penney, as far as I knew, had not seen FUCHS since his trial. 
('FUCHS', 'Newsam')  I then gave Newsam a short account of the FUCHS case, pointing out the immense difficulties in detection and prevention. 
('FUCHS', 'Newsam')  Newsam said that he thought the proposal by the Americans to interview FUCHS was now dead. 
('FUCHS', 'Newsam')  saw Newsam yesterday about the denaturalisation, letter which the Home Office were proposing to send to FUCHS. 
('FINGAL', 'James')  I went with James Robertson to see FINGAL and to discuss his case. 
('FINGAL', 'James')  James Robertson came to tell me that FINGAL had written a letter to Martha, telling her that he was resigning from K.P.I.D. 
('FINGAL', 'James')  FINGAL had given James a copy of this letter, with an apology that he had had behaved rather like a schoolboy. 
('FIDRMUC', 'Portugal')  We were, therefore, considerably shaken when FIDRMUC was repatriated from Portugal and subsequently interrogated by the Americans. 
('FIDRMUC', 'Portugal')  We were, therefore, considerably shaken when FIDRMUC was repatriated from Portugal and subsequently interrogated by the Americans. 
('FIDRMUC', 'Portugal')  We were, therefore, considerably shaken when FIDRMUC was repatriated from Portugal and subsequently interrogated by the Americans. 
('External Affairs', 'Spanish')  I asked them whether it would do any good if I spoke to External Affairs and impressed them with the dangers of the situation, since we knew perfectly well at home that all the Spanish Consuls were acting for the Germans and that any information which reached Madrid was handed over immediately to the Germans and Japanese. 
('External Affairs', 'Spanish')  I explained to him the Spanish situation and told him that I was proposing to see External Affairs. 
('External Affairs', 'Spanish')  After lunch I saw Stone of External Affairs and talked to him a good deal abou the Spanish situation, and he arranged for me to see Robertson, the Under Secretary of State on the following day. 
('External Affairs', 'Robertson')  I saw Norman Robertson and Hume Wrong of External Affairs. 
('External Affairs', 'Robertson')  After lunch I saw Stone of External Affairs and talked to him a good deal abou the Spanish situation, and he arranged for me to see Robertson, the Under Secretary of State on the following day. 
('External Affairs', 'Robertson')  I had a long talk with Robertson of External Affairs when he told me that the policy as regards Japanese wa to evacuate them as far as possible from the Pacific Coast. 
('Evill', 'Kellar')  and Kellar about the Evill report to decide on the line that we should adopt. 
('Evill', 'Kellar')  I had a meeting with Dick, F.J. and Kellar about the Evill report to decide on the line that we should adopt. 
('Evill', 'Kellar')  and Kellar about the Evill report to decide on the line that we should adopt. 
('European', 'Warsaw')  Sharkey says that he has two important stories to tell, one relating to a German fund in dollars which is being used to set up a factory in Germany for the manufacture of secret weapons, and the other relates to a Russian espionage network with lines into this country and European bases in Warsaw, Paris, and Prague. 
('European', 'Warsaw')  Sharkey says that he has two important stories to tell, one relating to a German fund in dollars which is being used to set up a factory in Germany for the manufacture of secret weapons, and the other relates to a Russian espionage network with lines into this country and European bases in Warsaw, Paris, and Prague. 
('European', 'Warsaw')  Sharkey says that he has two important stories to tell, 123 one relating to a German fund in dollars which is being used to set up a factory in Germany for the manufacture of secret weapons, and the other relates to a Russian espionage network with lines into this country and European bases in Warsaw, Paris, and Prague. 
('European', 'Prague')  Sharkey says that he has two important stories to tell, one relating to a German fund in dollars which is being used to set up a factory in Germany for the manufacture of secret weapons, and the other relates to a Russian espionage network with lines into this country and European bases in Warsaw, Paris, and Prague. 
('European', 'Prague')  Sharkey says that he has two important stories to tell, one relating to a German fund in dollars which is being used to set up a factory in Germany for the manufacture of secret weapons, and the other relates to a Russian espionage network with lines into this country and European bases in Warsaw, Paris, and Prague. 
('European', 'Prague')  Sharkey says that he has two important stories to tell, 123 one relating to a German fund in dollars which is being used to set up a factory in Germany for the manufacture of secret weapons, and the other relates to a Russian espionage network with lines into this country and European bases in Warsaw, Paris, and Prague. 
('Europe', 'Socialist Parties')  In Western Europe it seems to be Moscow's policy to split the Socialist Parties: this they have already done in Italy with some success; since the Left Wing Socialist Party, under Nenni vote regularly with the Communists. 
('Europe', 'Socialist Parties')  In Western Europe it seems to be Moscow's policy to split the Socialist Parties: this they have already done in Italy with some success; since the Left Wing Socialist Party, under Nenni, vote regularly with the Communists There has been talk in Warsaw, according to an article in the Times, of the formation of a Left Wing International. 
('Europe', 'Socialist Parties')  In Western Europe it seems to be Moscow's policy to split the Socialist Parties: this they have already done in Italy with some success; since the Left Wing Socialist Party, under 99 Nenni, vote tegularly with the Communists. 
('Europe', 'Socialist')  In Western Europe it seems to be Moscow's policy to split the Socialist Parties: this they have already done in Italy with some success; since the Left Wing Socialist Party, under Nenni vote regularly with the Communists. 
('Europe', 'Socialist')  In Western Europe it seems to be Moscow's policy to split the Socialist Parties: this they have already done in Italy with some success; since the Left Wing Socialist Party, under Nenni, vote regularly with the Communists There has been talk in Warsaw, according to an article in the Times, of the formation of a Left Wing International. 
('Europe', 'Socialist')  In Western Europe it seems to be Moscow's policy to split the Socialist Parties: this they have already done in Italy with some success; since the Left Wing Socialist Party, under 99 Nenni, vote tegularly with the Communists. 
('Europe', 'Italy')  In Western Europe it seems to be Moscow's policy to split the Socialist Parties: this they have already done in Italy with some success; since the Left Wing Socialist Party, under Nenni vote regularly with the Communists. 
('Europe', 'Italy')  In Western Europe it seems to be Moscow's policy to split the Socialist Parties: this they have already done in Italy with some success; since the Left Wing Socialist Party, under Nenni, vote regularly with the Communists There has been talk in Warsaw, according to an article in the Times, of the formation of a Left Wing International. 
('Europe', 'Italy')  In Western Europe it seems to be Moscow's policy to split the Socialist Parties: this they have already done in Italy with some success; since the Left Wing Socialist Party, under 99 Nenni, vote tegularly with the Communists. 
('Eric', 'Hall')  Mr. Eric F. Hall called to see me to-day He produced a letter which he had received [obfuscated] the solicitors of Captain SMITH, the Medical Officer at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Eric', 'Hall')  23rd December Mr. Eric F. Hall called to see me to-day. 
('Eric', 'Hall')  Mr. Eric F. Hall called to see me to-day He produced a letter which he had received from the solicitors of Captain SMITH, the Medical Officer at Bad Nenndorf. 
('English', 'Turkey')  I asked her what she was doing during the war She told me that she had worked for the British Council in Turkey, as a teacher of English in a secondary school. 
('English', 'Turkey')  I asked her what she was doing during the war She told me that she had worked for the British Council in Turkey, as a teacher of English in a secondary school. 
('English', 'Turkey')  I asked her what she was doing during the war She told me that she had worked for the British Council in Turkey, as a teacher of English in a secondary school. 
('England', 'OSTRO')  He had been impressed by the importance attached to OSTRO by the local Nazis, and had returned to England and joined the Territorial Army. 
('England', 'OSTRO')  He had been impressed by the importance attached to OSTRO by the local Nazis, and had returned to England and joined the Territorial Army. 
('England', 'OSTRO')  He had been impressed by the importance attached to OSTRO by the local Nazis, and had returned to England and joined 108 the Territorial Army. 
('England', 'Hitler')  The first evidence of conspiracy seems to date from the document of May, 1937, when Hitler summoned his Chiefs of Staff and Ministers and told them to prepare for operations against Czecho-Slovakia and Poland, which he envisaged might well involve Germany in war with France and England. 
('England', 'Hitler')  J.35 has reported that the reason for the German abstention from bombing England or France is that Hitler intends to destroy Poland and then offer to make peace on the grounds that he has taken no offensive action against the allies. 
('England', 'Hitler')  Patriotic instincts, a realisation of the consequences of defeat and a determination that England must be brought to her knees, have resulted in increased support for Hitler, There is confidence in ultimate victory and a belief that Russian cooperation would eventually prove effective. 
('Eindhoven', 'Phillips')  The Americans had raised objections on security grounds in view of MULLARD's connections with Phillips of Eindhoven. 
('Eindhoven', 'Phillips')  They think that as MULLARDS is a subsidiary of Phillips of Eindhoven, a firm with international ramifications, the security of these fuses woula be jeopardised. 
('Eindhoven', 'Phillips')  Furnival Jones and Johnstone came to discuss the case of Phillips of Eindhoven. 
('Egyptian', 'Sudan')  to support the Egyptian plea that the Sudan should come under Egyptian suzerainty, rather than be given complete freedom to decide its own destiny. 
('Egyptian', 'Sudan')  There are a good many internal political moves going on in Egypt to try and find some alternative Government to that of Nahas, but it is difficult to see how any Government can now survive unless it makes British evacuation from the Canal and Egyptian sovereignty over the Sudan a plank in its platform. 
('Egyptian', 'Sudan')  Directors meeting to-day, Reilly stated that although agreement seemed to have been reached between certain parties in the Sudan and the Egyptian Government about the Sudan's future, there was a possibility that the terms might be repudiated by a large proportion of the population who were not represented at the talks. 
('Egyptian', 'Moslem')  In the meantime the Egyptian Minister has got to hear of meetings between the representatives of Iran and Afghan and the Russians and had dropped the discussions on Moslem unity. 
('Egyptian', 'Moslem')  If this report is true it does not seem that the deliberations here between the various ministers concerned are likely to lead to Moslem unity in so far as Egypt is concerned, in spite of the fact that the Egyptian Minister has been the prime mover in the discussions. 
('Egyptian', 'Moslem')  The Egyptian Minister is disappointed about the Moslem Union. 
('Egyptian', 'I')  Garvey of the FO rang me about a question put down by Beratin (Piratin) the Communist alleging that a special Security Committee in Egypt consisting of 3 British and 3 Egyptian representatives was dealing with the communists and was supplied with British funds, I said that we would make enquiries and let him know. 
('Egyptian', 'I')  I said that there would obviously be considerable danger of an attempt on his life, either by Parties opposed to the Treaty or by the Irgun or Stern, and that while the Egyptian authorities would be anxious to prevent any such incident, recent events have shown that they might not be able to do a great deal. 
('Egyptian', 'I')  I explained to him that our relations with the Egyptian Police, although somewhat expensive, were on the whole good. 
('Egypt', 'Zone')  Another major crisis in the last year, which still continues, is in Egypt, where we seem to be moving towards complete military control of the Canal Zone. 
('Egypt', 'Zone')  If, of course, there is a rupture of relations with Egypt, FOULKES could very well go down to the Canal Zone and would no doubt be extremely useful. 
('Egypt', 'Zone')  Our Ambassador thinks that it would be unwise to make any serious offer to negotiate until it is quite clear that the Government intends to put a stop to all acts of terrorism both in Egypt and in the Canal Zone, He does not, however, wish to wait too long. 
('Egypt', 'Syria')  Unless and until they can defeat Russia, it is thought unlikely that they will attempt an invasion of the British Isles, an occupation of the Iberian Peninsua and Swden or French North or West Africa, an attack on Egypt through Cyprus and Syria, an attack on Iraq and Persia through wyprus and Syria, or Turkey, an attack on the Caucasus through surkey or move into India unless Turkey acquiesces It is thought that Japan will aim at (a) consolidating as quickly as possible her East Asiatic sphere and completing it by the occupation of Burma, achieving peace in China, occupy ing bases in the S.W. 
('Egypt', 'Syria')  They will then divert forces to the Balkan area for an attack on Syria and probably the rear of our front in Egypt. 
('Egypt', 'Syria')  Alexander is to command in Egypt, Palestine and Syria, Wavell to remain in command in India. 
('Egypt', 'Persia')  Everybody had suffered considerably from our withdrawal from Persia and it might strengthen our hands considerably in Egypt if we could point to some arrangement with the Iraquis. 
('Egypt', 'Persia')  Special material shows that Persia, Turkey and Egypt are contemplating a Moslem bioc to resist possible Russian agression. 
('Egypt', 'Persia')  Unless and until they can defeat Russia, it is thought unlikely that they will attempt an invasion of the British Isles, an occupation of the Iberian Peninsua and Swden or French North or West Africa, an attack on Egypt through Cyprus and Syria, an attack on Iraq and Persia through wyprus and Syria, or Turkey, an attack on the Caucasus through surkey or move into India unless Turkey acquiesces It is thought that Japan will aim at (a) consolidating as quickly as possible her East Asiatic sphere and completing it by the occupation of Burma, achieving peace in China, occupy ing bases in the S.W. 
('Egypt', 'Maunsell')  Maunsell has written from Egypt saying that put of 101 suspects, 45 are in custody, 3 at large and the remainder left the country before the outbreak of war. 
('Egypt', 'Maunsell')  A German agent named DURRENT gave himself up in Egypt some time ago and is being run by Maunsell. 
('Egypt', 'Maunsell')  should be held responsible for counter-espionage in Egypt when he did not know what vital information was being sent from here to Maunsell. 
('Egypt', 'Lisbon')  A German agent in Lisbon is being despatched to Egypt via Lourenco Marques. 
('Egypt', 'Lisbon')  In Egypt there is an agent worki direct with Istanbul and another communi- cating indirectly through Sofia, and another with an organisation in Lisbon known as Ostro. 
('Egypt', 'Lisbon')  in Lisbon reported under date 22.10.42 from Egypt that our present offensive was undertaken for political reasons and had a limited aim of winning back Mersaz Matruh and the surrounding area. 
('Egypt', 'Italy')  They are said to be engaging In propaganda of one kind or another with the native population, belittling the allied war effort and glorifying German military achievements, prophesying the early collapse of the democracies under the quadruple weight of German, Italy,Japan and Russia, and spreading rumours that Britain will not only send Egyptian troops overseas, but will conscript Egyptian Labour, restrict cotton sales, requisition cattle and transport animals and generally re-enact the mistakes committed in Egypt in the last war. 
('Egypt', 'Italy')  Special material of 29th February shows that Italy and Turkey are working for some kind of rapprochement between Egypt and Italy. 
('Egypt', 'Italy')  reports state that Italy, if and when she does come in, will attack Egypt and Greece. 
('Eden', 'John Anderson')  The following were to be present: S. of S., First Lord, Eden, Hankey, and Sir John Anderson. 
('Eden', 'John Anderson')  Special material shows that John Anderson was adamant about the Irish executions and that the P.M., Eden and to some extent even Winston were anxious to find a way out. 
('Eden', 'John Anderson')  Eden said he did not want to have a half-hour lecture from John Anderson on the liberties of the subject, and urged D.S.S. 
('Economic', 'I')  To arrive at a definite decision on this point, I asked Knight to ascertain who the principal subscribers were to the Economic League and what services they got for their money. 
('Economic', 'I')  To arrive at a definite decision on this point, I asked Knight to ascertain who the principal subscribers were to the Economic League and what services they got for their money. 
('Economic', 'I')  I lunched with Colonel Hoare of the Economic League and Anthony Pollen, when we merely talked generalities. 
('Easton', 'I')  Jack Easton and said they were sorry that I did not like the general tone of the document; they had, however, felt bound to introduce these points to show that they had been raised, otherwise they would undoubtedly have difficulties both with their Chief and with the Foreign office. 
('Easton', 'I')  -------------- I spoke to Vickery and then to Easton about Intelligence Division. 
('Easton', 'I')  I had a word with Jack Easton about this, but after consultation with [redacted] he seemed to think that a questionnaire telegram to [redacted] would be sufficient. 
('EWER', 'William')  Ann Glass came to talk to me about the old case of William Norman EWER. 
('EWER', 'William')  Malcolm Cumming and Max Knight came to talk to me about a proposal that the latter should interview William Norman EWER about his former espionage activities, and in particular his connections with certain individuals in the Foreign office. 
('EWER', 'William')  Max Knight has had a discussion with William Norman EWER, who was apparently quite friendly and ready to disclose his past when he was working under cover of the Federated Press for the Russians. 
('EWER', 'Max')  Malcolm Cumming and Max Knight came to talk to me about a proposal that the latter should interview William Norman EWER about his former espionage activities, and in particular his connections with certain individuals in the Foreign office. 
('EWER', 'Max')  Max, who knew EWER, thought that he could quite easily ask him out to dinner and endeavour to obtain his co-operation. 
('EWER', 'Max')  Max Knight has had a discussion with William Norman EWER, who was apparently quite friendly and ready to disclose his past when he was working under cover of the Federated Press for the Russians. 
('Dutch', 'Justice')  of Justice and Einthoven, it might be possible to make arrangements for a nucleous to come over here, I agreed, but said that I felt it was even more impor- tant for the Dutch to establish a useful stay-behind organisation. 
('Dutch', 'Justice')  of Justice and Einthoven, it might be possible to make arrangements for a nucleous to come over here, I agreed, but said that I felt it was even more impor- tant for the Dutch to establish a useful stay-behind organisation. 
('Dutch', 'Justice')  The Dutch said that they had completed their scheme, which, incidentally, was untrue, and manifestly Bo since the Department of Justice is not even represented on the S.I.C., although they control a large proportion of the forces of law and order in Holland. 
('Duff Cooper', 'Hayter')  tp-day Hayter said that the Foreign office had had an interesting despatch from Duff Cooper, who did not take such a gloomy view as some about the situation in France, He thought that the Communists were losing ground and that their strike action was designed to provoke de Gaulle to seize power. 
('Duff Cooper', 'Hayter')  tp-day Hayter said that the Foreign Office had had an interesting despatch from Duff Cooper, who did not take such a gloomy view as some about the situation in France. 
('Duff Cooper', 'Hayter')  tp-day Hayter said that the Foreign office had had an interesting despatch from Duff Cooper, who did not take such a gloomy view as some about the situation in France. 
('Duff', 'Iberian')  I was sure that it was only in this way that we could get results, even though nothing in the way of Duff or secret writing had come out of our 100%censorship of Iberian mails. 
('Duff', 'Iberian')  Herbert was a little worried about our not getting any Duff between the Iberian Peninsula and this country. 
('Duff', 'Iberian')  As a test against our own examiners Duff has been inserted in the Iberian mails and in each case it has been picked up. 
('Duff', 'Hayter')  tp-day Hayter said that the Foreign office had had an interesting despatch from Duff Cooper, who did not take such a gloomy view as some about the situation in France, He thought that the Communists were losing ground and that their strike action was designed to provoke de Gaulle to seize power. 
('Duff', 'Hayter')  tp-day Hayter said that the Foreign Office had had an interesting despatch from Duff Cooper, who did not take such a gloomy view as some about the situation in France. 
('Duff', 'Hayter')  tp-day Hayter said that the Foreign office had had an interesting despatch from Duff Cooper, who did not take such a gloomy view as some about the situation in France. 
('Dublin', 'STEWART')  Information that we had from other sources makes it quite clear that STEWART is frequently at the German Legation in Dublin. 
('Dublin', 'STEWART')  STEWART runs several shipping lines between Belfast, Dublin, this country and Antwerp. 
('Dublin', 'STEWART')  STEWART had previously informed him that his "German Antwerp friend" was coming over from Dublin. 
('Drysdale', 'Tate')  Commissioner Tate, an oldish man who is just about to retire, and Drysdale, also oldish and over-worked. 
('Drysdale', 'Tate')  I rather think that Tate and Drysdale have been somewhat upset by the visit of Guthrie and Stratton who must have given the impression that they do not think very much of the R.C.M.P. 
('Drysdale', 'Tate')  Tate and Drysdale both thought that this would be a good plan. 
('Downing Street', 'Hunt')  Hunt of Downing Street rang me up to say that the Prime Minister has received a copy, from a Member of Parliament, of an East German publication entitled "The Democratic German Report" edited by John PEET, Friedrichstrasse 167/3, Berlin W.8. 
('Downing Street', 'Hunt')  Hunt of Downing Street telephoned to ask whether we had any further information for the Prime Minister about the distribution of "Democratic German Report", a journal published in the Eastern Zone. 
('Downing Street', 'Hunt')  Hunt of Downing Street rang me up to know whether the distribution f 1,000 copies of Democratic German Report included copies sent out ratuitously*. 
('Director', 'Maxwell')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Director', 'Maxwell')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Director', 'Maxwell')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about pundishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Peake, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Director', 'Kellar')  was not prepared to allow this situation to remery itself when Kellar returned and other suitable officers were found to man the sections, the only possible arrangement would be for Hollis to become an additional Director and hol the position in the office of Deputy B.; this would to some extent ease this burden and ensure that overseas matters were represented on the Directorial Board. 
('Director', 'Kellar')  It was difficult to see what Kellar would do, since if Hollis became Director of overseas stations he certainly would not want a Senior officer. 
('Director', 'Kellar')  Kellar would take charge of D. Division, dealing with aliens, as an Assistant Director. 
('Director', 'Horrocks')  Horrocks has been made Director of Establishments and Administration, and Charles Director of Finance. 
('Director', 'Horrocks')  His present proposal was that when Horrocks and I leave, the three main Directors should be B., C. and D.O.S., that Establishments should be down- graded to Assistant Director, and that three or four Assistant Directors should assist the Directors of B. and C, and presumably O.S. 
('Director', 'Horrocks')  was asked by Horrocks to clarify his previous directive given to Horrocks, that we were to consider the organisation of the office on the basis of three Directors, a downgrading of D.E./A to Deputy Director, and the interposition o an intermediary grade equivalent to that of D.E./A. 
('Director', 'Herbert')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Director', 'Herbert')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Director', 'Herbert')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about pundishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Peake, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Dick White', 'Rhodes')  some weeks ago, as a result of which Colonel Rhodes, one of his officers, had called on Dick White and myself. 
('Dick White', 'Rhodes')  some weeks ago, as a result of which Colonel Rhodes, one of his officers, had called on Dick White and myself. 
('Dick White', 'Rhodes')  some weeks ago, as a result of which Colonel Rhodes, one of his officers, had called on Dick White and myself. 
('Dick White', 'Kellar')  and Dick White, when Kellar explained all his difficulties. 
('Dick White', 'Kellar')  instructed Kellar and Kellar asked Dick White. 
('Dick White', 'Kellar')  We had a further meeting on Integration - Jack Morton, Magan, Dick White, Kellar and others being presents as a result of which we reached fairly firm conclusions on what our requirements were with regard to outstations of both S.I.M.E and S.I.F.E. 
('Dick White', 'Ham')  Itttold him that neither Dick White nor myself had any responsibility fir* the administration of Ham and that without reference to the files I could not give him first-hand knowledge of any standing orders there were about punish- ments. 
('Dick White', 'Ham')  I told him that neither Dick White nor myself had any responsibility fir the administration of Ham and that without reference to the files I could not give him first-hand knowledge of any standing orders there were about punish- ments. 
('Dick White', 'Ham')  I told him that neither Dick White nor myself had any responsibility for the administration of Ham and that without reference to the files I could not give him first-hand knowledge of any standing orders there were about punish- ments. 
('Dick', 'Victor')  Dick saw Victor laat night. 
('Dick', 'Victor')  I had a meeting with Dick, T. A. R. and Victor about sending someone out to Gib. 
('Dick', 'Victor')  I had a discussion with Victor, currey, Miss Clay and Dick on Fifth volumn. 
('Dick', 'Union')  meeting he outlined the position with regard to Australia, and Dick spoke about the Western Union conference at which he had been in the Chair. 
('Dick', 'Union')  We have had a telegram from Kellar in which he says that Dick Ellis thinks that there is a case for our having representation in countries adjacent to the Malayan Union, owing to the fact that there are several organisations in each of these countries handling C.E. 
('Dick', 'Union')  Jack Morton came in to discuss with Dick, Horrocks and myself a telegram from Leighton to say that he now only wants the services of Carrel for research work within the Malayan Union S.B. 
('Dick', 'Shaw')  He said he felt this problem should be discussed with Dick and Shaw. 
('Dick', 'Shaw')  Malcolm asked Dick and Shaw if they would have talks with McMillan on this subject. 
('Dick', 'Shaw')  Dick is working out with Shaw some line of demarcation between O.S. 
('Dick', 'Rhodes')  some weeks ago, as a result of which Colonel Rhodes, one of his officers, had called on Dick White and myself. 
('Dick', 'Rhodes')  some weeks ago, as a result of which Colonel Rhodes, one of his officers, had called on Dick White and myself. 
('Dick', 'Rhodes')  some weeks ago, as a result of which Colonel Rhodes, one of his officers, had called on Dick White and myself. 
('Dick', 'Poles')  I had a talk with Dick and Alley about the Poles. 
('Dick', 'Poles')  I had a long talk with Dick and Alley about Poles. 
('Dick', 'Poles')  At the D.G's meeting to-day, Dick mentioned the policy of the Home Office, who are naturalising Czechs and Poles somewhat light-heartedly. 
('Dick', 'Philip')  Dick and Philip Vickery came to discuss the case of MENON. 
('Dick', 'Philip')  Dick suggested Muggeridge, oor possibly Philip Jordan. 
('Dick', 'Philip')  Dick and I lunched with Philip Vickery, who is just back from Germany. 
('Dick', 'Philby')  Dick and I had a talk with Kim Philby about Washington. 
('Dick', 'Philby')  -------------- Kim Philby came over and he, Dick, Roger, John Marriott, and I had A discussion about the F.B.I. 
('Dick', 'Philby')  Dick is getting rather desperate about Section V. Io says that is now ill with blood-poisoning and that Kim Philby has got to go to Lisbon and clear up some mess or other. 
('Dick', 'Perrin')  -------------- Dick and I attended a meeting in Roger Makins' room at the Foreign Office, at which Perrin was present, to discuss a point made by Portal. 
('Dick', 'Perrin')  Dick had a meeting at 10.45 with Roger Makins and Perrin to discuss replies to Washington telegrams. 
('Dick', 'Perrin')  Perrin has told Dick that Portal, who dislikes Civil Service control of D.At.En., intends to get rid of anyone who is in any way tainted, and the Ministry of Supply refuse to act, he will make it clear to the P.M. that he cannot any longer accept responsibility. 
('Dick', 'Perfect')  I had a meeting on East Africa with Dick, Perfect, Spencer and Clayton in order to work out some kind of charter for the D.S.O. 
('Dick', 'Perfect')  I had a meeting with Dick, Graham, Oughton and Perfect on police liaison. 
('Dick', 'Perfect')  -------------- Dick, Perfect and I lunched with the Chief Constable of Dorset, Major Peel-Yates. 
('Dick', 'Malcom')  Dick and Courtenay tell me that HUNT, has incurred the displeasure of a number of people in Rangoon, but that Malcom Johnston, in conversation with Sir Gilbert Laithwaite, has temporarily smoothed matters over. 
('Dick', 'Malcom')  Malcom Caxing, fers, and Dick came to talk to me about Gamintojama tahun demand, through Orme Sargent, 210. basoy 22 ore nct tapered 114, 1041 TO + Comic oficin), hoge resoosibilities ende'i yere tie ert-201. 
('Dick', 'Malcom')  called a meeting, at which Miss Chenhalls, Dick, Malcom and Winterborn were present, on the subject of defectors. 
('Dick', 'MENON')  Dick and Philip Vickery came to discuss the case of MENON. 
('Dick', 'MENON')  Dick Butler came to see me about Krishna MENON. 
('Dick', 'MENON')  I went and saw Burt and told him the story of MENON, and Dick Butier. 
('Dick', 'Lisbon')  Dick tells me that the firm of TRAUSS, owned by one Germain or Hermann Brucker TRAUSS, in Lisbon, import and export agents might possibly be responsible for the Ostra messages which appear on ISOS and give grossly misleading inforation about shipping movements from here, W. Africa and the Middle East. 
('Dick', 'Lisbon')  Dick is getting rather desperate about Section V. Io says that is now ill with blood-poisoning and that Kim Philby has got to go to Lisbon and clear up some mess or other. 
('Dick', 'Lisbon')  September 14th Dick spent the morning closeted with the Czechs and Pan who has been brought back here from Lisbon to discuss the position of Alexander, who is undoubtedly working for the Germans. 
('Dick', 'Kim Philby')  Dick and I had a talk with Kim Philby about Washington. 
('Dick', 'Kim Philby')  -------------- Kim Philby came over and he, Dick, Roger, John Marriott, and I had A discussion about the F.B.I. 
('Dick', 'Kim Philby')  Dick is getting rather desperate about Section V. Io says that is now ill with blood-poisoning and that Kim Philby has got to go to Lisbon and clear up some mess or other. 
('Dick', 'Jones')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hollis and Furnival Jones about the discussion at tomorrow J.C. on the Intelligence Division of the Control Commission in Germany. 
('Dick', 'Jones')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hollis and Furnival Jones about the discussion at tomorrow J.I.C. 
('Dick', 'Jones')  Meanwhile I learned that Burt had approached Skardon, evidently rather hurt that the renewal of the suggestion that Jones Bhould lecture had not come to him through Dick White or myself. 
('Dick', 'James Robertson')  I had a talk with Dick and James Robertson about the future of the Middle East section. 
('Dick', 'James Robertson')  Dick, Bertram, Clayton, Courtenay, James Robertson and I had a discussion on the liquidation of O.C. 
('Dick', 'James Robertson')  I had a long talk with Dick and James Robertson about the PEACH case. 
('Dick', 'Jack Morton')  I do not think that such instructions would be much use unless our Police Forces were in a position to tell foreign Police Forces that they should deal on Security Intelligence matters I suggested that we should send a wire to Dick to discuss this matter and Jack Morton. 
('Dick', 'Jack Morton')  We had a further meeting on Integration - Jack Morton, Magan, Dick White, Kellar and others being presents as a result of which we reached fairly firm conclusions on what our requirements were with regard to outstations of both S.I.M.E and S.I.F.E. 
('Dick', 'Jack Morton')  Jack Morton came in to discuss with Dick, Horrocks and myself a telegram from Leighton to say that he now only wants the services of Carrel for research work within the Malayan Union S.B. 
('Dick', 'Indian')  80 Dick and I lunched with Vickery and Bamford, when we discussed the various eventualities which might arise if an Indian was appointed as Head of D.I.B. 
('Dick', 'Indian')  Dick, Viekery and I discussed the Indian situation, Vickery had confirmation of the D.M.I. 
('Dick', 'Indian')  Dick, Viekery and I discussed the Indian situation. 
('Dick', 'ISOS')  Dick took Felix to task on the subject of certain ISOS messages which are labelled ISBA. 
('Dick', 'ISOS')  Dick tells me that the firm of TRAUSS, owned by one Germain or Hermann Brucker TRAUSS, in Lisbon, import and export agents might possibly be responsible for the Ostra messages which appear on ISOS and give grossly misleading inforation about shipping movements from here, W. Africa and the Middle East. 
('Dick', 'ISOS')  Dick, Hart and I had a meeting about the Belgian THORN, who has appeared on ISOS. 
('Dick', 'Haylor')  It was decided: (a) that I should speak to Craufurd; (b) that Haylor was already warned; (c) that there was no particular poin in talking to Alley; (a) that Dick would speak to Douglas Roberts; (e) that Derbyshire should gradually extract himself without giving offence; (1) that we should continue observation on "SHARKEY". 
('Dick', 'Haylor')  It was decided : (a) that I should speak to Craufurd; (b) that Haylor was already warned; (c) that there was no particular point in talking to Alley; (d) that Dick would speak to Douglas Roberts; (e) that Derbyshire should gradually extract himself without giving offence; (f) that we should continue observation on "SHARKEY". 
('Dick', 'Haylor')  Dick and I think that Haylor should be head of the whole show and that we should appoint somebody else from our own staff to deal with the intelligence side. 
('Dick', 'Ham')  Itttold him that neither Dick White nor myself had any responsibility fir* the administration of Ham and that without reference to the files I could not give him first-hand knowledge of any standing orders there were about punish- ments. 
('Dick', 'Ham')  I told him that neither Dick White nor myself had any responsibility fir the administration of Ham and that without reference to the files I could not give him first-hand knowledge of any standing orders there were about punish- ments. 
('Dick', 'Ham')  I told him that neither Dick White nor myself had any responsibility for the administration of Ham and that without reference to the files I could not give him first-hand knowledge of any standing orders there were about punish- ments. 
('Dick', 'Federal')  Dick and I attended a meeting in Mr. Dean's room at the Foreign Office to discuss the setting up of a Federal Security Service in Germany. 
('Dick', 'Federal')  11th January Dick, Irvine and I discussed the proposal that the Germans should be allowed to set up a Federal M.I.5. 
('Dick', 'Federal')  Ve came to the conclusion that Dick would have to attend a meeting at Herford on the 17th, and that we should recomment against the Federal Organisation under German control. 
('Dick', 'Ede')  I had a meeting with Charles, Horrocks, Dick, Ede, Clayton and Kellar to discuss administrative matters in connection with SIFE and SIME. 
('Dick', 'Ede')  at which Harker, Butler, Horrocks, Ede, Dick and myself were present. 
('Dick', 'Ede')  Charles, Dick, Ede, Kirby Green, Spencer and I discussed the question of Trinidad and the withdrawal of Tufnell-Barrett. 
('Dick', 'Easton')  6th January Jack Easton and came over to discuss with Dick and myself the question of S.I.F.E. 
('Dick', 'Easton')  It was agreed that we should not be likely to get very far at today's proposed meeting and that it would be better for Dick and Easton to have a discussion and clarify the position. 
('Dick', 'Easton')  Dick went over and was met by Easton and The latter strongly pressed Dick to reconsider the question of a joint organisation in one building or the other or in some joint office to be selected. 
('Desmond', 'I')  I went down and saw Charles immediately and repeated to him what Desmond Orr had told me. 
('Desmond', 'I')  I lunched with Desmond Morton, Jasper and Charles. 
('Desmond', 'I')  I had a long conversation with Desmond Morton about M & E. Morton feels that an impasse has been reached since while we point out to the W.0. 
('Derbyshire', 'Hill')  I saw Derbyshire and Hill. 
('Derbyshire', 'Hill')  The D.G, has agreed to my proposal that we should have resident night duty officers, if and when we move to Leconfield House, I saw Derbyshire and Hill. 
('Derbyshire', 'Hill')  The D.G, has agreed to my proposal that we should have resident night duty officers, if and when we move to Leconfield House, I saw Derbyshire and Hill. 
('Derbyshire', 'Dick')  It was decided: (a) that I should speak to Craufurd; (b) that Haylor was already warned; (c) that there was no particular poin in talking to Alley; (a) that Dick would speak to Douglas Roberts; (e) that Derbyshire should gradually extract himself without giving offence; (1) that we should continue observation on "SHARKEY". 
('Derbyshire', 'Dick')  I had a meeting with Dick, Hill& Derbyshire about "SHARKEY". 
('Derbyshire', 'Dick')  It was decided : (a) that I should speak to Craufurd; (b) that Haylor was already warned; (c) that there was no particular point in talking to Alley; (d) that Dick would speak to Douglas Roberts; (e) that Derbyshire should gradually extract himself without giving offence; (f) that we should continue observation on "SHARKEY". 
('Denmark', 'Portugal')  Rineanna is rapidly becoming very important traffic centre with lines to Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Holland, Portugal etc. 
('Denmark', 'Portugal')  Hollis tells me that we have now been charged with a mission to examine, on behalf of the Atlantic Pact Powers, the security of Italy, Portugal, Denmark, Norway and Iceland. 
('Denmark', 'Portugal')  rang up about the vetting of Security Services in Italy, Portugal, Denmark and Norway, which we have under taken under the Atlantic Pact. 
('Denmark', 'Pact')  Hollis tells me that we have now been charged with a mission to examine, on behalf of the Atlantic Pact Powers, the security of Italy, Portugal, Denmark, Norway and Iceland. 
('Denmark', 'Pact')  rang up about the vetting of Security Services in Italy, Portugal, Denmark and Norway, which we have under taken under the Atlantic Pact. 
('Denmark', 'Pact')  Norway and Denmark have come into the Atlantic Pact and Sweden is as close to the other Scandinavian countries as she dares she also has fairly close unofficial liaison with this country. 
('Delhi', 'Karachi')  Two of these are in Delhi, and the remainder in Bombay, Calcutta and Karachi. 
('Delhi', 'Karachi')  Two of these are in Delhi, and the remainder in Bombay, Calcutta and Karachi. 
('Delhi', 'Karachi')  Visit to Ceylon, New Delhi & Karachi. 
('Dansey', 'Kirkpatrick')  We have in fact been writing to his organisa- tion ever since November 1941 without getting any reply until fairly recently, when Kirkpatrick took the matter up with Dansey. 
('Dansey', 'Kirkpatrick')  but no reply or final decision was reached until 29th June when Dansey wrote to Kirkpatrick saying that it had now been arranged that all messages for broad- casting from the F.F. 
('Dansey', 'Kirkpatrick')  Kirkpatrick was asked by Dansey to issue instructions to his representative in the B.B.C. 
('D. Notice', 'I')  Lastly, I have arranged through Hill and McCullogh that if any paper asks whether they can publish the letter here their attention 75 should be drawn to D. Notice No. 
('D. Notice', 'I')  Lastly, I have arranged through Hill and McCullogh that if any paper asks whether they can publish the letter here their attention 45 should be drawn to D. Notice No. 
('D. Notice', 'I')  I felt, however, that in view of Colonial Office anxiety about publicity in connection with the D.G., and also certain anxiety in Downing Street, it might be well to explore whether Admiral Thompson could impress upon editors the fact that the D.G's movements really came within the terms of D. Notice No.1, i.e. 
('Czechs', 'Swiss')  The latest return shows that the following totals have been arrested: Germans 161, Swiss I, Czechs 2, British 12. 
('Czechs', 'Swiss')  At 5 p.m. there were under arrest 178 Germans,12 British, 2 Czechs, 1 Swiss. 
('Czechs', 'Swiss')  Arrest figures today were: Germans 194, Czechs 2, Swiss 1, British 12. 
('Czechs', 'Halford')  Halford rang me up to say that there had been some proposal from the Czechs about the abolition of the Czech vise on a reciprocal basis. 
('Czechs', 'Halford')  Halford rang me up to say that there had been some proposal from the Czechs about the abolition of the Czech vise on a reciprocal basis. 
('Czechs', 'Halford')  Halford rang me up to say that there had been some proposal from the Czechs about the abolition of the Czech vise on a reciprocal basis. 
('Czechoslovakia', 'Sloane')  Dick, Curry, John Noble and I gave a dinner to Sloane who is returning to Czechoslovakia. 
('Czechoslovakia', 'Sloane')  I asked Sloane whether in his view the Russians would have come in in 1938 in support of Czechoslovakia, as I had often heard it said that they had their aeroplanes on Czech aerodromes. 
('Czechoslovakia', 'Sloane')  Sloane seemed to think that Czechoslovakia was now looking more towards the west than the east. 
('Czech', 'STRAUSS')  Dick told the meeting about the Home Office, against our advice, having naturalised Carol STRAUSS, a known Czech agent. 
('Czech', 'STRAUSS')  Dick then spoke about the Czech agent, STRAUSS. 
('Czech', 'STRAUSS')  He said he felt there were ample grounds for taking action in this case, since we had copies of questionnaires passed to STRAUSS by the Czech Embassy, and also one of his own reports to the Czech Embassy [redacted]. 
('Czech', 'RATSCHITZKY')  He then explained in very considerable detail that he had recruited a Czech named Rudolf Franz RATSCHITZKY in 1937 or 1938, from whom he had been receiving reports since before the war. 
('Czech', 'RATSCHITZKY')  He then explained in very considerable detail that he had recruited a Czech named Rudolf Franz RATSCHITZKY in 1937 or 1938, from whom he had been receiving reports since before the war. 
('Czech', 'RATSCHITZKY')  He then explained in very considerable detail that he had recruited a Czech named Rudolf Franz RATSCHITZKY in 1937 or 1938, from whom he had been receiving reports since before the war. 
('Czech', 'RASCHITZKY')  The London agent is said to be RASCHITZKY of the Czech Legation, who is the brother-in-law of Irene EISINGER. 
('Czech', 'RASCHITZKY')  RASCHITZKY had various contacts with the Society of British Aircraft Instructors, and with the Czech integrated Air Force through its Chief, JANUSHCEK. 
('Czech', 'RASCHITZKY')  OSTRO alleges that LOBKOWITZ, the Czech Minister, was a close collaborator of RASCHITZKY and we intend to investiage this whole story in great detail, since in a number of respects it is circum- stantial and contains a large amount of checkable detail. 
('Czech', 'Polish')  I asked [redacted] if he had seen the recent report on the PIAT and PESCATORI interrogations which give in considerable detail the low-down on the British, American, French, Polish, Dutch, Russian Czech, German, Italian and Swiss Secret Services, during the war. 
('Czech', 'Polish')  I said that I was quite sure that we ought to retain Polish, Czech, Hungarian, Roumanian and Bulgarian files after they have been reviewed. 
('Czech', 'Polish')  864 who had arrived here, 12 were Norwegians, 8 Lutch, 8 Belgian, 5 Spanish, 5 German, 6 British, 4 Portuguese, 3 French, 3 vuban 2 Swedish, 2 Russian, 2 Yugoslav, 2 Polish one Greek, one Czech, one Swiss and one Danish. 
('Czech', 'Head')  It was alleged that a good deal of his information related to air matters, and that he obtained details about our production and about our operations through the Head of the Czech Air Force, JANOUSHEK, and that the Czech Minister, Prince LOBKOWITZ, was also involved. 
('Czech', 'Head')  It was alleged that a good deal of his information related to air matters, and that he obtained details about our production and about our operations through the Head or the Czech Air Force, JANOUSHEK, and that the Czech Minister, Prince LOBKOWITZ, was also involved. 
('Czech', 'Head')  It was alleged that a good deal of his information related to air matters, and that he obtained details about our production 106 and about our operations through the Head or the Czech Air Force, JANOUSHEK, and that the Czech Minister, Prince LOBKOWITZ, was also involved. 
('Czech', 'Halford')  Halford rang me up to say that there had been some proposal from the Czechs about the abolition of the Czech vise on a reciprocal basis. 
('Czech', 'Halford')  Halford rang me up to say that there had been some proposal from the Czechs about the abolition of the Czech vise on a reciprocal basis. 
('Czech', 'Halford')  Halford rang me up to say that there had been some proposal from the Czechs about the abolition of the Czech vise on a reciprocal basis. 
('Czech', 'Dublin')  from our Ambassador in Dublin to-day to the effect that the former Czech Minister in Dublin, Major RUZICKA had invited the U.S. Air Attache to inspect the contents of his Chancery, as instructions had been sent to Miss HARTIG (who kept open the Chancery after RUZICKA's resignation) to transfer the contents of the Chancery to London. 
('Czech', 'Dublin')  I said that on the facts as stated, I did not think that, even 1f such a thing were possible to arrange, there was much likelihood of obtaining any information of value from the Czech records in Dublin. 
('Czech', 'Dublin')  Czech in German Legation, Dublin 215 Czech Legion			176 Jzech Refugee Committee	126, 273 Czech Tribunal		126 Czech Communist Group	82 Czech Intelligence		350. 
('Cyril Mills', 'Gagnon')  Gagnon had apparently talked about Cyril Mills, whom he evidently disliked. 
('Cyril Mills', 'Gagnon')  I have met McClellan; he makes a very good impression Gagnon had apparently talked about Cyril Mills, whom he evidently disliked. 
('Cyril Mills', 'Gagnon')  I have met McClellan; he makes a very good impression Gagnon had apparently talked about Cyril Mills, whom he evidently disliked. 
('Cyril', 'Montreal')  In trying to get things back on to the rails, Cyril had comenup* against Haryeson, who was considered to be one of the Ace men in the Montreal Police. 
('Cyril', 'Montreal')  In trying to get things back on to the rails, Cyril had come up against Harveson, who was considered to be one of the Ace men in the Montreal Police. 
('Cyril', 'Montreal')  In trying to get things back on to the rails, Cyril had come up against Haryeson, who was considered to be one of the Ace men in the Montreal Police. 
('Cyril', 'Gagnon')  Gagnon had apparently talked about Cyril Mills, whom he evidently disliked. 
('Cyril', 'Gagnon')  I have met McClellan; he makes a very good impression Gagnon had apparently talked about Cyril Mills, whom he evidently disliked. 
('Cyril', 'Gagnon')  I have met McClellan; he makes a very good impression Gagnon had apparently talked about Cyril Mills, whom he evidently disliked. 
('Cyrenaica', 'Treaty')  The trouble is, of course, that Cyrenaica come under the Italian Treaty discussions and that no final solution can be reached until well on in 1948. 
('Cyrenaica', 'Treaty')  The trouble is, of course, that Cyrenaica cones under the Italian Treaty discussions and that no final solution can be reached until well on in 1948. 
('Cyrenaica', 'Treaty')  The trouble is, of course, that Cyrenaica 124 cones under the Italian Treaty discussions and that no final solution can be reached until well on in 1948. 
('Cyrenaica', 'Sudan')  We should then have a Division in Cyrenaica, less two battalions, a Brigade in Cyprus, and two battalions in the Sudan. 
('Cyrenaica', 'Sudan')  We should then have a Division in Cyrenaica, less two battalions, a Brigade in Cyprus, and two battalions in the Sudan. 
('Cyrenaica', 'Sudan')  We should then have a Division in Cyrenaica, less two battalions, a Brigade in Cyprus, and two battalions in the Sudan. 
('Cyprus', 'Sudan')  We should then have a Division in Cyrenaica, less two battalions, a Brigade in Cyprus, and two battalions in the Sudan. 
('Cyprus', 'Sudan')  We should then have a Division in Cyrenaica, less two battalions, a Brigade in Cyprus, and two battalions in the Sudan. 
('Cyprus', 'Sudan')  We should then have a Division in Cyrenaica, less two battalions, a Brigade in Cyprus, and two battalions in the Sudan. 
('Cyprus', 'Magan')  I read a long report by Magan on Cyprus. 
('Cyprus', 'Magan')  31st March I have arranged with Trafford Smith for Magan to discuss Cyprus with representatives of the Colonial Office. 
('Cyprus', 'Magan')  Magan had, as late as December, expressed a wish that Aubrey should visit Fayid, Baghdad and Cyprus. 
('Cyprus', 'I')  I read a long report by Magan on Cyprus. 
('Cyprus', 'I')  31st March I have arranged with Trafford Smith for Magan to discuss Cyprus with representatives of the Colonial Office. 
('Cyprus', 'I')  Ashmore, the Commissioner of Police for Cyprus, came to see me I had been previously warned that he resented the presence of our D.3.0., but he did not raise this matter during our conversation. 
('Cyprus', 'Cyrenaica')  We should then have a Division in Cyrenaica, less two battalions, a Brigade in Cyprus, and two battalions in the Sudan. 
('Cyprus', 'Cyrenaica')  We should then have a Division in Cyrenaica, less two battalions, a Brigade in Cyprus, and two battalions in the Sudan. 
('Cyprus', 'Cyrenaica')  We should then have a Division in Cyrenaica, less two battalions, a Brigade in Cyprus, and two battalions in the Sudan. 
('Cuthbert', 'Roger')  I saw Roger and Cuthbert Fleetwood-Hesketh when they produced for me documents showing the part played by GARBO and BRUTUS in the deception plan. 
('Cuthbert', 'Roger')  Roger and Cuthbert Fleetwood-Hesketh came round to talk to me about the recent interrogation of Keitel. 
('Cuthbert', 'Roger')  Roger and Cuthbert Heiske th came to see me about Roger's magnum opus in the GARBO story. 
('Cussen', 'Vesey')  I attended a meeting in Harker's room with Cussen and Vesey (a) on the subject of the prosecution of ZIGZAG and (b) on a spy book written by one FIRMIN, Crime Correspondent of the Daily Telegraph. 
('Cussen', 'Vesey')  Vesey and Cussen discussed with me Firmin's book on espionage. 
('Cussen', 'Vesey')  Harker called a meeting of Hinchley Cooke, Cussen, Vesey and myself on the book which A. SCHUTZ wishes to polish. 
('Cussen', 'Nenndorf')  He could not give any definite opinion, but, as far as he and Cussen could see, they ought to be able satisfactorily to dispose of the suggestions that Stephens was a party to the third-degree methods used at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Cussen', 'Nenndorf')  He could not give any definite opinion, but, as far as he and Cussen couid see, they ought to be able satisfactorily to dispose of the suggestions that Stephens was a party to the third-degree methods used at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Cussen', 'Nenndorf')  He could not give any definite opinion, but, as far as he and Cussen couid see, they ought to be able satisfactorily to dispose of the suggestions that Stephens was a party to the third-degree methods used at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Curtain', 'Socialist Parties')  On the other side of the Curtain they seem to be concentrating on splitting the Socialist Parties. 
('Curtain', 'Socialist Parties')  On the other side of the Curtain they seem to be concentrating on splitting the Socialist Parties. 
('Curtain', 'Socialist Parties')  On the other side of the Curtain they seem to be concentrating on splitting the Socialist Parties. 
('Curtain', 'Socialist')  On the other side of the Curtain they seem to be concentrating on splitting the Socialist Parties. 
('Curtain', 'Socialist')  On the other side of the Curtain they seem to be concentrating on splitting the Socialist Parties. 
('Curtain', 'Socialist')  On the other side of the Curtain they seem to be concentrating on splitting the Socialist Parties. 
('Curry', 'Secretariat')  This led me to talk of the possibility of Curry running the Secretariat. 
('Curry', 'Secretariat')  I saw Curry this morning and discussed with the Secretariat. 
('Curry', 'Secretariat')  Curry told me that he had seen the DG who hd said that he was considering the question of the Secretariat but did not wish to make up his mind finally until he knew a bit more about the office. 
('Curry', 'ISOS')  Curry has produced a memo on the operational value of ISOS and other co-related material. 
('Curry', 'ISOS')  I thought it possible thatif Italian ISOS came out Curry could combine a study of that product with his research work. 
('Curry', 'ISOS')  meeting with Curry and decided before proceeding further with the sugsested Committee of ISOS users, to consult Melland. 
('Cummings', 'I')  I then asked whether there were any other holders of these Pads who were not in fact our D.S.Os This disclosed that Cummings of New Zealand also had them and maybe there are others besides. 
('Cummings', 'I')  I was anxious to make this clear, as it had seemed to me when I last saw him that Commissioner Cummings was still under the impression that M.1.5 had some thing to do with the matter. 
('Cummings', 'I')  I rather doubt whether Cummings would know if they had! 
('Cross', 'Roger')  Roger, Miss Chenhalls, [missing] and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Cross', 'Roger')  Roger, Miss Chenhalls,		and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Cross', 'Roger')  12th November, Roger, Miss Chenhalls, and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Cross', 'Hill')  Roger, Miss Chenhalls, [missing] and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Cross', 'Hill')  Roger, Miss Chenhalls,		and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Cross', 'Hill')  12th November, Roger, Miss Chenhalls, and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Crocker', 'Curry')  Curry has suggested that we should give the Mercedes case to Crocker and also certain other cases connected with doubtful firms. 
('Crocker', 'Curry')  I have had another discussion with Curry about sabotage and the suggestion has been put forward that we might usefully collaborate with Crocker. 
('Crocker', 'Curry')  and Dick and Curry, as I wanted Crocker to hear from M. the probable effect on S.B. 
('Creedy', 'Maxwell')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Creedy', 'Maxwell')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Creedy', 'Maxwell')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about pundishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Peake, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Creedy', 'Director')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Creedy', 'Director')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Creedy', 'Director')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about pundishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Peake, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Cracroft', 'I')  I told Cracroft that this was entirely untrue and that I should like to have details in order to look into the matter,. 
('Cracroft', 'I')  I tola Cracroft that this was entirely untrue and that I should like to have details in order to look into the matter. 
('Cracroft', 'I')  I tola Cracroft that this was entirely untrue and that I should like to have details in order to look into the matter. 
('Cracroft', 'Hyderabad')  Cracroft, from the War Office, rang me up to say that'a request for arms for Hyderabad was being made by close Bros., and that it was being alleged that this had M.I.5. 
('Cracroft', 'Hyderabad')  Cracroft, from the War Office, rang me up to say that a request for arms for Hyderabad was being made by Close Bros., and that it was being alleged that this had M.I.5. 
('Cracroft', 'Hyderabad')  Cracroft, from the War Office, rang me up to say that a request for arms for Hyderabad was being made by Close Bros., and that it was being alleged that this had M.I.5. 
('Courtenay', 'Hollis')  Desmond Vesey came to see me about the Courtenay FOOTE book, certain passages of which had been queried by Hollis. 
('Courtenay', 'Hollis')  Hollis has telegraphed about cover for Courtenay Young. 
('Courtenay', 'Hollis')  Hollis raised the question about ciphers, which vie are to ask Longfield-Lloyd to hand over to Courtenay Young. 
('Counsellor', 'Moscow')  to-day Mr. Roberts, the Counsellor at our Embassy in Moscow, gave a short talk on Russia. 
('Counsellor', 'Moscow')  Geoffrey Harrison, our Counsellor in Moscow, came to the J.I.C. 
('Counsellor', 'Moscow')  Bill Crean may go as Counsellor or Charge d'Affaires to Moscow. 
('Counsel', 'Moran')  If I found that it was in order, I felt that Captain Moran should inform Colonel Stephens's Counsel of what had been said. 
('Counsel', 'Moran')  If I found that it was in order, I felt that Captain Moran should inform Colonel Stephens's Counsel of what had been said. 
('Counsel', 'Moran')  If I found that it was in order, I felt that Captain Moran should infom Colonel Stephens's Counsel of what had been said. 
('Council', 'English')  I asked her what she was doing during the war She told me that she had worked for the British Council in Turkey, as a teacher of English in a secondary school. 
('Council', 'English')  I asked her what she was doing during the war She told me that she had worked for the British Council in Turkey, as a teacher of English in a secondary school. 
('Council', 'English')  I asked her what she was doing during the war She told me that she had worked for the British Council in Turkey, as a teacher of English in a secondary school. 
('Corps', 'Poles')  Caulfield came to talk to me about "SHARKEY" who had come to him with some proposal about anticipating the needs of the Poles in the Re-settlement Corps. 
('Corps', 'Poles')  Caulfield came to talk to me about "SHARKEY" who had come to him with some proposal about anticipating the needs of the Poles in the Re-settlement Corps. 
('Corps', 'Poles')  Caulfield came to talk to me about "SHARKEY" who had come to him with some proposal about anticipating the needs of the Poles in the Re-settlement Corps. 
('Corin', 'Eindhoven')  Corin and Alley came in to tell me that Col. Eindhoven wanted to send 4 or 5 of his officers for attachment here for a longish period. 
('Corin', 'Eindhoven')  Alley, Rhodes and Corin came to talk to me about Eindhoven. 
('Corin', 'Eindhoven')  Apparently Moyland was very keen that I should go with Alley and Corin and help to smooth over difficulties between Col. Eindhoven and van Angeren. 
('Copenhagen', 'Stockholm')  I told her to send the full report and to suggest that the Control Commission might either re-interrogate Kraemer or talk to somebody in the Gestapo who had been in Copenhagen or Stockholm. 
('Copenhagen', 'Stockholm')  The problem was now a far more important one, in view of Foynes having become a most important centre for air travel between the Americas and Europe, lines haveing* recently been opened from Foynes to Oslo, Stockholm and Copenhagen, in addition to the route to Lisbon. 
('Copenhagen', 'Stockholm')  We point out that Foynes is now a kind of apham Junction for air travel, and that anyone who is refused a visa to Copenhagen, Stockholm, or elsewhere, can be in Foynes in a couple of hours with free entry to this country. 
('Cooper', 'Maxwell')  Maxwell, and Cooper, were also present. 
('Cooper', 'Maxwell')  He told me that the Committee had now been sidetracked by Maxwell who had ordered Cooper to work something out with Stafford which would have the effect of restricting travel. 
('Cooper', 'Maxwell')  at which Maxwell, Stafford and Cooper were present. 
('Cooper', 'Hayter')  tp-day Hayter said that the Foreign office had had an interesting despatch from Duff Cooper, who did not take such a gloomy view as some about the situation in France, He thought that the Communists were losing ground and that their strike action was designed to provoke de Gaulle to seize power. 
('Cooper', 'Hayter')  tp-day Hayter said that the Foreign Office had had an interesting despatch from Duff Cooper, who did not take such a gloomy view as some about the situation in France. 
('Cooper', 'Hayter')  tp-day Hayter said that the Foreign office had had an interesting despatch from Duff Cooper, who did not take such a gloomy view as some about the situation in France. 
('Cookie', 'I')  I spoke to Cookie to-day about the two spies whose cases he has had now for nearly three months. 
('Cookie', 'I')  I have put it up to Cookie in order to get Judge Advocate's decision. 
('Cookie', 'I')  I have seen Cookie who thinks that there should be a meeting. 
('Consulates', 'Curry')  I discussed with Curry the question of Italian Consulates. 
('Consulates', 'Curry')  Curry has raised the question of searching the headquarters of the Fascio and possibly Consulates in the event of war with Italy. 
('Consulates', 'Curry')  Discussed with Curry the question of raiding Italian Consulates. 
('Congo', 'Gibbs')  Gibbs is worried about the Belgian Congo. 
('Congo', 'Gibbs')  I had a talk with Gibbs and Ramsbotham about the Belgian Congo. 
('Congo', 'Gibbs')  Gibbs is taking up this matter with Felix as it is not clear at the moment whether security in the Belgian Congo is for G. 2 or O.SS. 
('Communism', 'Kitchin')  I talked to Miss Bagot and Kitchin about an African paper on Communism, the draft of which has been put up by the J.I.O. 
('Communism', 'Kitchin')  -------------- I discussed with Miss Bagot and Kitchin further revisions to the paper on Communism in Africa. 
('Communism', 'Kitchin')  Kitchin said that Mullik saw Nehru about twice a week, and he thought that Mullik, reinforced by information from ourselves, had, with the support of the Home Minister, succeeded in making Nehru more aware of the dangers of Communism. 
('Commissioners', 'Singapore')  should be broken up between the two Commissioners of Police in the Malayan Union and Singapore, and act as the Special Branch under the local Police officials. 
('Commissioners', 'Singapore')  It is now divided into two Special Branches one in Kuala Lumpur and the other in Singapore and comes directly under the Commissioners of Police. 
('Commissioners', 'Singapore')  or at its component parts which were now under the Commissioners of Police Singapore and Malaya. 
('Commander', 'Mark')  There are two partners, one Mark DINLY or DINELY (also known to us) and a Commander WARD. 
('Commander', 'Mark')  There are two partners, one Mark DINIY or DINELY (also known to us) and a Commander WARD. 
('Commander', 'Mark')  There are two partners, one Mark DINLY or DINELY (also known to us) and a Commander WARD. 
('Colony', 'Malaya')  Singapore remains outside the Federation and it is the fear of the Malaya that they will be swamped by a Chinese invasion, On the other hand, the Chinese born in Malaya will have Federal citisenship, as will also those who have been long established and domiciled in the Colony. 
('Colony', 'Malaya')  On the other hand, the Chinese born in Malaya will have Federal citisenship, as will also those who have been long established and domiciled in the Colony. 
('Colony', 'Malaya')  Recognition of China had at first given the Colony a serious set-back, but gradually information had been seeping through to Chinese in Malaya from their relatives, that conditions in the new China were not much better than they were before, and that in certain respects they were worse. 
('Col', 'Rhodes')  He mentioned a man called Andrew ?NOEST who is assistant to Rhodes and is thoroughly persona grata with Col. Eindhoven. 
('Col', 'Rhodes')  however threw some doubt on the advisability of creating a War Room with the Americans owing to the differences which exist TION between G.2., I got Col. Rhodes, who attended the meeting with Gen. Lethbrigge, to come round efter inch. 
('Col', 'Rhodes')  'C' however threw some doubt on the advisability of creating a War Room with the Americans owing to the differences which exist between G.2., I got Col. Rhodes, who attended the meeting with Gen. Lethbridge, to come round after inch. 
('Col', 'Gen.')  however threw some doubt on the advisability of creating a War Room with the Americans owing to the differences which exist TION between G.2., I got Col. Rhodes, who attended the meeting with Gen. Lethbrigge, to come round efter inch. 
('Col', 'Gen.')  'C' however threw some doubt on the advisability of creating a War Room with the Americans owing to the differences which exist between G.2., I got Col. Rhodes, who attended the meeting with Gen. Lethbridge, to come round after inch. 
('Col', 'Gen.')  made a speech on the cuestion of security, and arrangements were made for further meetings with Gen. McClure and his deputy Col. Sheen, to decide how we could give the best assistance to American units in this country. 
('Col', 'Gen')  however threw some doubt on the advisability of creating a War Room with the Americans owing to the differences which exist TION between G.2., I got Col. Rhodes, who attended the meeting with Gen. Lethbrigge, to come round efter inch. 
('Col', 'Gen')  'C' however threw some doubt on the advisability of creating a War Room with the Americans owing to the differences which exist between G.2., I got Col. Rhodes, who attended the meeting with Gen. Lethbridge, to come round after inch. 
('Col', 'Gen')  made a speech on the cuestion of security, and arrangements were made for further meetings with Gen. McClure and his deputy Col. Sheen, to decide how we could give the best assistance to American units in this country. 
('Cohen', 'I')  I told C. that Maltby was really rather a 5th wheel in the coach and it would be preferable if Briscoe dealt with Cohen. 
('Cohen', 'I')  Dick will take up this matter with Cohen and later I will speak to C. Kellar is anxious that Douglas should not stay on after September but if pressed me would not mind his remaining for another year. 
('Cohen', 'I')  I discussed with Cohen of the Colonial office the question of recruiting lecturers to go to West Africa drawn from the Oxford Delegacy for Inter-Mural Studies. 
('Cockcroft', 'FUCHS')  Cockcroft will speak to Skinner, which he is more or less bound to do in any case since FUCHS is serving under him. 
('Cockcroft', 'FUCHS')  Cockcroft will then speak to FUCHS and will tell him that, owing to the fact that his father is employed in the Eastern Zone, he very much. 
('Cockcroft', 'FUCHS')  Cockcroft has wished to promote him to take over the work formerly done by FUCHS. 
('Coast', 'Nigeria')  He now feels that not only does he want the officer who has just been sent out to Nigeria, but also one in the Gold Coast and one to act as Staff officer to himself in Accra. 
('Coast', 'Nigeria')  job on the Gold Coast in addition to his wider duties, and transfer Rich to Nigeria. 
('Coast', 'Nigeria')  Division work since ordinary security measures to cover the frontiers of Nigeria, Gold Coast, Sierra Leone and Gambia, .could not possibly be effective. 
('Co.', 'Russell')  Oussen advised that Stephens should wait until he received notice of a court martial, and should then state that he wished to communicate with Charles Russell & Co., his solicitors in London, and to be represented. 
('Co.', 'Russell')  Cussen advised that Stephens should wait until he received notice of a court martial, and should then state that he wished to communicate with Charles Russell & Co., his solicitors in London, and to be represented. 
('Co.', 'Russell')  There is no doubt that the article is slanderous, but Charles Russell & Co. are inclined to advise that it should be ignored. 
('Co.', 'Oxford')  68 Catalogue Reference:KV/4/185 l. OAKE 61 OLDHAM 285 O'KOEFE 352 SBORN 113 'TOOLE 246,250 OWENS 35,53,73,76,118,121,122, 128,129,168,208,252,279 304,321,350,351 Oxford Instruinent Co. 314,317,333 P. PADGHAM 38,40,41,48,53,96 Parachute Descents 287,309 Passes 111,112 Passports, traffic in - 347 Peace Pledge Union 56,98,112,157 Permits 18,19,21,23,25,29,45, 51,56,58,60,63,68,71, 72,73,844,,91,92,96,100 103,130,133,135,140,163 164,167,172,184,186,189 200,210,225, 229 13,96 PETORS Catalogue Reference:KV/4/185 PETERSEN,K. 
('Co.', 'Oxford')  The Oxford Instrument Co. have been making photo-electric cells for a photo-electric bomb. 
('Co.', 'Oxford')  The manager of the Oxford Instrument Co. is very perturbed as cheques in payment to his company have been endorsed as being for photo-electric bombs. 
('Co.', 'Japanese')  He said that as an enthusiast about Japanese swords he had for some time had dealings with the firm of BAPTY & Co., who have a small shop somewhere off the Haymarket (this firm is well known to us, but I do not think there is anything wrong. 
('Co.', 'Japanese')  He said that as an enthusiast about Japanese swords he had for some time had dealings with the firm of BAPTY & Co., who have a small shop somewhere off the Haymarket (this firm is well known to us, but I do not think there is anything wrong. 
('Co.', 'Japanese')  He said that as an enthusiast about Japanese swords he had for some time had 151 dealings with the firm of BAPTY & Co., who have a small shop somewhere off the Haymarket (this firm is well known to us, but I do not think there is anything wrong. 
('Co', 'Russell')  Oussen advised that Stephens should wait until he received notice of a court martial, and should then state that he wished to communicate with Charles Russell & Co., his solicitors in London, and to be represented. 
('Co', 'Russell')  Cussen advised that Stephens should wait until he received notice of a court martial, and should then state that he wished to communicate with Charles Russell & Co., his solicitors in London, and to be represented. 
('Co', 'Russell')  There is no doubt that the article is slanderous, but Charles Russell & Co. are inclined to advise that it should be ignored. 
('Co', 'Oxford')  68 Catalogue Reference:KV/4/185 l. OAKE 61 OLDHAM 285 O'KOEFE 352 SBORN 113 'TOOLE 246,250 OWENS 35,53,73,76,118,121,122, 128,129,168,208,252,279 304,321,350,351 Oxford Instruinent Co. 314,317,333 P. PADGHAM 38,40,41,48,53,96 Parachute Descents 287,309 Passes 111,112 Passports, traffic in - 347 Peace Pledge Union 56,98,112,157 Permits 18,19,21,23,25,29,45, 51,56,58,60,63,68,71, 72,73,844,,91,92,96,100 103,130,133,135,140,163 164,167,172,184,186,189 200,210,225, 229 13,96 PETORS Catalogue Reference:KV/4/185 PETERSEN,K. 
('Co', 'Oxford')  The Oxford Instrument Co. have been making photo-electric cells for a photo-electric bomb. 
('Co', 'Oxford')  The manager of the Oxford Instrument Co. is very perturbed as cheques in payment to his company have been endorsed as being for photo-electric bombs. 
('Co', 'Japanese')  He said that as an enthusiast about Japanese swords he had for some time had dealings with the firm of BAPTY & Co., who have a small shop somewhere off the Haymarket (this firm is well known to us, but I do not think there is anything wrong. 
('Co', 'Japanese')  He said that as an enthusiast about Japanese swords he had for some time had dealings with the firm of BAPTY & Co., who have a small shop somewhere off the Haymarket (this firm is well known to us, but I do not think there is anything wrong. 
('Co', 'Japanese')  He said that as an enthusiast about Japanese swords he had for some time had 151 dealings with the firm of BAPTY & Co., who have a small shop somewhere off the Haymarket (this firm is well known to us, but I do not think there is anything wrong. 
('Co', 'Hoover')  I explained to Kim that both the F.B.I.s and our point of view was that we must as far as possible have direct exchange and that whereas we as a defensive organization were not suspect, SIS particularly in view of Bill's past antics, were suspect, even though Bill might have acquired a letter from Hoover thanking him for his past services and stating that without Security Co-Ordination the war could. 
('Co', 'Hoover')  The situation is now much better and Hoover has told his subordinates to Co-operate wholeheartedly with D.S.C. 
('Co', 'Hoover')  Mr. Hoover wanted to have a direct liaison with us, and if possible to out Security Co-Ordination. 
('Clyde', 'Scapa')  tells me that the main base of the Fleet is being transferred from Scapa to the Clyde, and there is a movement to declare the Clyde area and also Rosyth, Humber, Harwich and Blyth protected areas. 
('Clyde', 'Scapa')  S. of S. explained that Mr. Winston Churchill had complained that within 24 hours of the discussion in the Cabinet the Fleet from Scapa to the Clyde, the fact had become known to the German Authorities and that they were even broad- casting information which they must be getting out of the country by rapid means. 
('Clyde', 'Scapa')  Stopford has got to Scapa and the C.in C. is making the necessary arrangements for him to go to Iceland from the Clyde after he has interviewed the prisoners and decided which ones he wishes to take with him. 
('Clegg', 'Lamphere')  -------------- Clegg and Lamphere of the F.B.I. 
('Clegg', 'Lamphere')  -------------- Clegg and Lamphere came to say good-bye. 
('Clegg', 'Lamphere')  The D.G's interview with Clegg and Lamphere appears to have caused a reaction, although how violent we do not know. 
('Clegg', 'I')  The question arose as to whether I should have said anything to Clegg before the break. 
('Clegg', 'I')  I understand that Clegg reported by wire, and in person his interview with the D.G. 
('Clegg', 'I')  -------------- I have had a rather pointed letter from Clegg, addressed to my private dress, in which he expresses to me personally the deep appreciation of my thoughtfulness, personal consideration and hospitality on the occasion of his recent visit to London. 
('Clayton', 'Kellar')  I had a meeting with Charles, Horrocks, Dick, Ede, Clayton and Kellar to discuss administrative matters in connection with SIFE and SIME. 
('Clayton', 'Kellar')  113 Dick, Kellar, Clayton and I had a meeting about East Africa. 
('Clayton', 'Kellar')  -------------- I had a meeting with [redacted] and [redacted], Alec Kellar, Derek Hamblen and Clayton on policy in West Africa. 
('Cimperman', 'Whitson')  Lish Whitson has arrived and Johnny Cimperman is somewhat hurt that the Bureau has not kept him informed. 
('Cimperman', 'Whitson')  -------------- I spent the evening with Lish Whitson and Johnny Cimperman. 
('Cimperman', 'Whitson')  Lish Whitson came in to say goodbye and I went out to lunch with him and Johnny Cimperman. 
('Cimperman', 'Lish Whitson')  Lish Whitson has arrived and Johnny Cimperman is somewhat hurt that the Bureau has not kept him informed. 
('Cimperman', 'Lish Whitson')  -------------- I spent the evening with Lish Whitson and Johnny Cimperman. 
('Cimperman', 'Lish Whitson')  Lish Whitson came in to say goodbye and I went out to lunch with him and Johnny Cimperman. 
('Cimperman', 'Lish')  Lish Whitson has arrived and Johnny Cimperman is somewhat hurt that the Bureau has not kept him informed. 
('Cimperman', 'Lish')  -------------- I spent the evening with Lish Whitson and Johnny Cimperman. 
('Cimperman', 'Lish')  Lish Whitson came in to say goodbye and I went out to lunch with him and Johnny Cimperman. 
('Christian', 'Europe')  Tavistock is of course connected with the British Council for Christian Settlement in Europe which is a mixture of the Link, Nordic League and B.U.F. 
('Christian', 'Europe')  On the British Council for Christian Settlement in Europe he said he thought Tavistock was a good fellow but he would have nothing to do with BECKETT who was a crook. 
('Christian', 'Europe')  According to our informant it was his intention to get into touch with the German Legation in Dublin regarding certain peace proposals which he is going to put forward in the name of the British Council for Christian Settlement in Europe. 
('Christian', 'Council')  Tavistock is of course connected with the British Council for Christian Settlement in Europe which is a mixture of the Link, Nordic League and B.U.F. 
('Christian', 'Council')  On the British Council for Christian Settlement in Europe he said he thought Tavistock was a good fellow but he would have nothing to do with BECKETT who was a crook. 
('Christian', 'Council')  According to our informant it was his intention to get into touch with the German Legation in Dublin regarding certain peace proposals which he is going to put forward in the name of the British Council for Christian Settlement in Europe. 
('Chinese', 'Parallel')  The telegram was concerned with the possible reactions of the Russians and Chinese if the Americans advanced beyond the 38th Parallel. 
('Chinese', 'Parallel')  to-day we were told about Nehru's anxiety, due to a convention between his Ambassador in Peking and CHUEN-LI, that if the Americans advanced beyond the 38th Parallel, the Chinese, and possibly also the Russians, would intervene. 
('Chinese', 'Parallel')  Although this possibility had to be envisaged, an alternative was that the Chinese- who had always objected to the crossing of the 38th Parallel by American Forces and had, in fact, intimated through the Indian Ambassador in Peking, Pannikar, that if this happened they would intervene- might have as their present objective the driving back of U.N. 
('Chinese', 'Nations')  200,000 Chinese troops are involved and have driven a considerable wedge in the lines of the United Nations. 
('Chinese', 'Nations')  The American reaction has been to denounce the Chinese as aggressors at the United Nations. 
('Chinese', 'Nations')  Asked why the Chinese Communists did not give more active support to the B.C.P., Mr. Speaight said that China probably preferred a policy of friendly relations for the moment and would not, therefore, like to be exposed se active supporters or communist activity in Burma, Weither would they like to face an appeal by Burma to the United Nations. 
('Chinese', 'Japanese')  SORGE's other principal associates were OSAKI, the Japanese expert in Chinese affairs who was a representative of Asahi Shinbun and was later associated with the running of the South Manchurian Railway. 
('Chinese', 'Japanese')  He had made it his business to study not only current affairs but Chinese and Japanese history. 
('Chinese', 'Japanese')  The situation with the Far East has improved and it is possible that the French may abandon the Chinese and change their attitude in favour of the Japanese. 
('Chinese', 'Governor')  The Governor does not apparently want it, since he feels that in a project of this kind it would not be possible not to recruit Chinese agents, in which case he thought there would undoubtedly be leakages. 
('Chinese', 'Governor')  The Governor thought that the creation of the new Unions could be interpreted as a sign of confidence in the government, since those who sponsored the movement were an obvious target if at any time the Island fell into Chinese hands. 
('Chinese', 'Governor')  The Governor said that he entirely disagreed with the theory that the Chinese have a time table and that whatever we do they will, according to schedule, occupy the Colony. 
('China', 'Shanghai')  The particular document which I think had excited the Foreign office was one which envisaged the separation of the currency of the Hong Kong - Shanghai Bank in South China. 
('China', 'Shanghai')  He then apologised for having been responsible for the trouble about the Chinese documents from Hong Kong, which indicated that the Chinese tight attempt to eliminate the currency of the Hong Kong Shanghai Bank in Southern China. 
('China', 'Shanghai')  The Government in China has always to some extent been judged on its ability to stabliize the price of rice and the task of the Communists in this respect had not been easy, but they had nevertheless succeeded in spite of great difficulties in getting supplies to important centres and in particular to Shanghai, which had also been adequately supplied with coal. 
('China', 'SORGE')  He seems to have operated principally in China, but he did on occasions act as deputy for SORGE. 
('China', 'SORGE')  Agnes SMEDLEY, of whom we have many records, played at one time an extremely important part in getting the network established in China, although she had little to do with SORGE when he was in Tokyo, It seems probable that it was through her association with the Frankfurter Zeitung that SORGE got his credentials from that paper in 1933. 
('China', 'SORGE')  SORGE & great strength was his immense knowledge of affairs in China and Japan. 
('China', 'India')  Eventually he got sent to India by SOE where he helped them to work up some sort of organisation in China to operate against the Japs. 
('China', 'India')  It was felt that the outer area should include India, China, Japan ( and most of the Pacific up to Honolulu), Australia, New Zealand and Indonesia. 
('China', 'India')  Unless and until they can defeat Russia, it is thought unlikely that they will attempt an invasion of the British Isles, an occupation of the Iberian Peninsua and Swden or French North or West Africa, an attack on Egypt through Cyprus and Syria, an attack on Iraq and Persia through wyprus and Syria, or Turkey, an attack on the Caucasus through surkey or move into India unless Turkey acquiesces It is thought that Japan will aim at (a) consolidating as quickly as possible her East Asiatic sphere and completing it by the occupation of Burma, achieving peace in China, occupy ing bases in the S.W. 
('China', 'Colony')  Recognition of China had at first given the Colony a serious set-back, but gradually information had been seeping through to Chinese in Malaya from their relatives, that conditions in the new China were not much better than they were before, and that in certain respects they were worse. 
('China', 'Colony')  Their attitude was a purely political one and they were concerned solely with the maintenance of order within the Colony and the avoidance of any activity which might give the Chinese an excuse for saying that Hong Kong was being used as a base for intelligence operations in South China. 
('China', 'Colony')  to put his case to the Colonial office, it would be difficult for them to do more than endeavour to persuade the Governor to take a more favourable view of intelligence activities from the Colony into South China. 
('Chenhalls', 'Roger')  Roger, Miss Chenhalls, [missing] and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Chenhalls', 'Roger')  Roger, Miss Chenhalls,		and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Chenhalls', 'Roger')  12th November, Roger, Miss Chenhalls, and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Chenhalls', 'Red Cross')  Roger, Miss Chenhalls, [missing] and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Chenhalls', 'Red Cross')  Roger, Miss Chenhalls,		and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Chenhalls', 'Red Cross')  12th November, Roger, Miss Chenhalls, and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Chenhalls', 'RATSCHITZKY')  The final view of Miss Chenhalls and Klop is that RATSCHITZKY was approached and very probably recruited by OSTRO, but they doubt whether he ever operated as an agent whilst in the U.K. RATSCHITZKY states that he never met OSTRO after 1937, yet OSTRO alleges that he recruited him in his home town of Lundenburg (?) 
('Chenhalls', 'RATSCHITZKY')  The final view of Miss Chenhalls and Klop is that RATSCHITZKY was approached and very probably recruited by OSTRO, but they doubt whether he ever operated as an agent whilst in the U.K. RATSCHITZKY states that he never met OSTRO after 1937, yet OSTRO alleges that he recruited him in his home town of Lundenburg (?) 
('Chenhalls', 'RATSCHITZKY')  The final view of Miss Chenhalls and Klop is that RATSCHITZKY was approached and very probably recruited by OSTRO, but they doubt whether he ever operated as an agent whilst in the U.K. RATSCHITZKY states that he never met OSTRO after 1937, yet OSTRO alleges that he recruited him in his home town of Lundenburg (?) 
('Chenhalls', 'OSTRO')  The final view of Miss Chenhalls and Klop is that RATSCHITZKY was approached and very probably recruited by OSTRO, but they doubt whether he ever operated as an agent whilst in the U.K. RATSCHITZKY states that he never met OSTRO after 1937, yet OSTRO alleges that he recruited him in his home town of Lundenburg (?) 
('Chenhalls', 'OSTRO')  The final view of Miss Chenhalls and Klop is that RATSCHITZKY was approached and very probably recruited by OSTRO, but they doubt whether he ever operated as an agent whilst in the U.K. RATSCHITZKY states that he never met OSTRO after 1937, yet OSTRO alleges that he recruited him in his home town of Lundenburg (?) 
('Chenhalls', 'OSTRO')  The final view of Miss Chenhalls and Klop is that RATSCHITZKY was approached and very probably recruited by OSTRO, but they doubt whether he ever operated as an agent whilst in the U.K. RATSCHITZKY states that he never met OSTRO after 1937, yet OSTRO alleges that he recruited him in his home town of Lundenburg (?) 
('Chenhalls', 'Klop')  The final view of Miss Chenhalls and Klop is that RATSCHITZKY was approached and very probably recruited by OSTRO, but they doubt whether he ever operated as an agent whilst in the U.K. RATSCHITZKY states that he never met OSTRO after 1937, yet OSTRO alleges that he recruited him in his home town of Lundenburg (?) 
('Chenhalls', 'Klop')  The final view of Miss Chenhalls and Klop is that RATSCHITZKY was approached and very probably recruited by OSTRO, but they doubt whether he ever operated as an agent whilst in the U.K. RATSCHITZKY states that he never met OSTRO after 1937, yet OSTRO alleges that he recruited him in his home town of Lundenburg (?) 
('Chenhalls', 'Klop')  The final view of Miss Chenhalls and Klop is that RATSCHITZKY was approached and very probably recruited by OSTRO, but they doubt whether he ever operated as an agent whilst in the U.K. RATSCHITZKY states that he never met OSTRO after 1937, yet OSTRO alleges that he recruited him in his home town of Lundenburg (?) 
('Chenhalls', 'International')  Roger, Miss Chenhalls, [missing] and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Chenhalls', 'International')  Roger, Miss Chenhalls,		and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Chenhalls', 'International')  12th November, Roger, Miss Chenhalls, and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Chenhalls', 'Hill')  Roger, Miss Chenhalls, [missing] and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Chenhalls', 'Hill')  Roger, Miss Chenhalls,		and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Chenhalls', 'Hill')  12th November, Roger, Miss Chenhalls, and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Chenhalls', 'Cross')  Roger, Miss Chenhalls, [missing] and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Chenhalls', 'Cross')  Roger, Miss Chenhalls,		and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Chenhalls', 'Cross')  12th November, Roger, Miss Chenhalls, and Hill discussed with me to-day the proposals for an International Red Cross agreement on the treatment of civilian detainees in time of war. 
('Charter', 'Navy')  I explained that it was not really within our Charter to look after the morale and discipline of the Navy: in fact the Prime Minister had attached great importance to our keeping clear of any possible accusation of being a Gestapo. 
('Charter', 'Navy')  I explained that it was not really within our Charter to look after the morale and discipline of the Navy: in fact the Prime Minister had attached great importance to our keeping clear of any possible accusation of being a Gestapo. 
('Charter', 'Navy')  I explained that it was not really within our Charter to look after the morale and discipline of the Navy: in fact the Prime Minister had attached great importance to our keeping clear of any possible accusation of being a Gestapo. 
('Charter', 'Gestapo')  I explained that it was not really within our Charter to look after the morale and discipline of the Navy: in fact the Prime Minister had attached great importance to our keeping clear of any possible accusation of being a Gestapo. 
('Charter', 'Gestapo')  I explained that it was not really within our Charter to look after the morale and discipline of the Navy: in fact the Prime Minister had attached great importance to our keeping clear of any possible accusation of being a Gestapo. 
('Charter', 'Gestapo')  I explained that it was not really within our Charter to look after the morale and discipline of the Navy: in fact the Prime Minister had attached great importance to our keeping clear of any possible accusation of being a Gestapo. 
('Charles Butler', 'Treasury')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Charles Butler', 'Treasury')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Charles Butler', 'Treasury')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Charles Butler', 'Stephens')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Charles Butler', 'Stephens')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Charles Butler', 'Stephens')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Charles', 'Treasury')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Charles', 'Treasury')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Charles', 'Treasury')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Charles', 'Co.')  Oussen advised that Stephens should wait until he received notice of a court martial, and should then state that he wished to communicate with Charles Russell & Co., his solicitors in London, and to be represented. 
('Charles', 'Co.')  Cussen advised that Stephens should wait until he received notice of a court martial, and should then state that he wished to communicate with Charles Russell & Co., his solicitors in London, and to be represented. 
('Charles', 'Co.')  There is no doubt that the article is slanderous, but Charles Russell & Co. are inclined to advise that it should be ignored. 
('Charles', 'Co')  Oussen advised that Stephens should wait until he received notice of a court martial, and should then state that he wished to communicate with Charles Russell & Co., his solicitors in London, and to be represented. 
('Charles', 'Co')  Cussen advised that Stephens should wait until he received notice of a court martial, and should then state that he wished to communicate with Charles Russell & Co., his solicitors in London, and to be represented. 
('Charles', 'Co')  There is no doubt that the article is slanderous, but Charles Russell & Co. are inclined to advise that it should be ignored. 
('Channel Islands', 'Perfect')  Perfect is proposing to go over and see the Police in the Channel Islands. 
('Channel Islands', 'Perfect')  Perfect came to tell me about the Channel Islands. 
('Channel Islands', 'Perfect')  -------------- Perfect tells me that naturalisation in the Channel Islands is carried out on local authority, although where a man has been resident in this country Police reports are called for. 
('Channel', 'Perfect')  Perfect is proposing to go over and see the Police in the Channel Islands. 
('Channel', 'Perfect')  Perfect came to tell me about the Channel Islands. 
('Channel', 'Perfect')  -------------- Perfect tells me that naturalisation in the Channel Islands is carried out on local authority, although where a man has been resident in this country Police reports are called for. 
('Chancellor', 'Orme Sargent')  The Lord Chancellor was considering the report the Control Commission leakage which he had received from Hynd, and also one which he had received from Orme Sargent. 
('Chancellor', 'Orme Sargent')  officers with wide responsibilities as the Head of the Department The Lord Chancellor proposed, however, to see Orme Sargent on the matter. 
('Chancellor', 'Orme Sargent')  When he had seen Orme Sargent, the Lord Chancellor proposed to see Mr. Hynd and acquaint him with the result of his findings. 
('Chair', 'Parker')  The Cabinet felt that there ought to be some form of tribunal on the lines of the three advisers and at Bridges' sua ection Sir Harola Parker was asked to Chair a working party which would set out the arguments and any other difficulties which such an arrangement might entail. 
('Chair', 'Parker')  Hill and I went over to a meeting at the Ministry of Supply with Sir Harold Parker in the Chair. 
('Chair', 'Parker')  I attended the Brook Corraittee meeting to-day, on which sir Harold Parker, Sir Robert Gould, Baker, Nicholis and Peck were present, Brook being in the Chair. 
('Centre', 'Nenndorf')  Stokes put down a question about the enquiries concerning the Interrogation Centre at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Centre', 'Nenndorf')  Stoles put down a question about the enquiries concerning the Interrogation Centre at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Centre', 'Nenndorf')  Stoles put down a question about the enquiries concerning the Interrogation Centre at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Central', 'Report')  to-day I raised again the question of the mechanisation of Post Report and the Central Aliens Register. 
('Central', 'Report')  I saw Jones, Lodge and Weiler from the Home Office Aliens Branch, on the question of the mechanisation of Post Report and the Central Aliens Register. 
('Central', 'Report')  Central Control and Report Centre. 
('Cecil', 'John')  Cecil, Dick, John Gwyer and I discussed John's paper on Ireland to which we have made several amendments. 
('Cecil', 'John')  Cecil, Dick, John Gwyer and I discussed John's paper on Ireland to which we have made several amendments. 
('Cecil', 'John')  Cecil and I went to the D.C. to attend a meeting at which Sir John Maffey was present. 
('Catholic', 'Communism')  This move seems to be, at any rate in Jugo-Slavia, coupled with a drive against the Catholic Church, which the Russians recognise as the most powerful international force in opposition to Communism. 
('Catholic', 'Communism')  This move seems to be, at any rate in Jugo-Slavia, coupled with a drive against the Catholic Church, which the Russians recognise as the most powerful international force in opposition to Communism. 
('Catholic', 'Communism')  This move seems to be, at any rate in Jugo-Slavia, coupled with a drive against the Catholic Church, which the Russians recognise as the most powerful international force in opposition to Communism. 
('Casey', 'I')  I had 20 minutes with Dick Casey at his hotel. 
('Casey', 'I')  I then asked Casey for his impressions. 
('Casey', 'I')  I went to see Dick Casey but found that he had already left for Malta unexpectedly He wanted to have a look at the place before going on to the Middle East. 
('Carnac', 'I')  On the 18th I was met by Carnac and Gagnon and had lunch with Carnac. 
('Carnac', 'I')  In the evening I dined with Carnac, McLelland who is in charge of Corby, and Peter Dwyer. 
('Carnac', 'I')  On the 21st I had short talks with Mead, Gagnon, Carnac, Leopold and the Commissioner before flying to New York. 
('Caribbean', 'Macdonald')  I raised the question of Australia, and it was more or less agreed that after 'exploring the ground, an approach should be made suggesting that we establish a liaison officer in Australia, Macdonald, who is returning from the Caribbean will go to B.3.a. 
('Caribbean', 'Macdonald')  Macdonald, who is returning from the Caribbean will go to B.3.a. 
('Caribbean', 'Macdonald')  Macdonald, who is returning from the Caribbean will go to B.3.a. 
('Carew Robinson', 'LACHMANN')  Carew Robinson telephoned to me to say that LACHMANN had now been given permission by the Ministry of Supply to take up employment Handley Pages works. 
('Carew Robinson', 'LACHMANN')  Carew Robinson telephoned to me to say that LACHMANN had now been given permission by the Ministry of Supply to take up employment in Handley Pages works. 
('Carew Robinson', 'LACHMANN')  Carew Robinson telephoned to me to say that LACHMANN had now been given permission by the Ministry of Supply to take up employment in Handley Pages works. 
('Captain Moran', 'Counsel')  If I found that it was in order, I felt that Captain Moran should inform Colonel Stephens's Counsel of what had been said. 
('Captain Moran', 'Counsel')  If I found that it was in order, I felt that Captain Moran should inform Colonel Stephens's Counsel of what had been said. 
('Captain Moran', 'Counsel')  If I found that it was in order, I felt that Captain Moran should infom Colonel Stephens's Counsel of what had been said. 
('Captain', 'Nenndorf')  Mr. Eric F. Hall called to see me to-day He produced a letter which he had received [obfuscated] the solicitors of Captain SMITH, the Medical Officer at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Captain', 'Nenndorf')  He produced a letter which he had received from the solicitors of Captain SMITH, the Medical Officer at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Captain', 'Nenndorf')  Mr. Eric F. Hall called to see me to-day He produced a letter which he had received from the solicitors of Captain SMITH, the Medical Officer at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Captain', 'Counsel')  If I found that it was in order, I felt that Captain Moran should inform Colonel Stephens's Counsel of what had been said. 
('Captain', 'Counsel')  If I found that it was in order, I felt that Captain Moran should inform Colonel Stephens's Counsel of what had been said. 
('Captain', 'Counsel')  If I found that it was in order, I felt that Captain Moran should infom Colonel Stephens's Counsel of what had been said. 
('Canberra', 'Singapore')  The first proposal was that we should ask the Australians to send a representative to Singapore, although personally I think it would be preferable for us to send an officer to Canberra. 
('Canberra', 'Singapore')  The first proposal was that we should ask the Australians to send a representative to Singapore, although personally I think it would be preferable for us to send an officer to Canberra. 
('Canberra', 'Singapore')  The first proposal was that we should ask the Australians to send a representative to Singapore, although personally I think it would be preferable for us to send an officer to Canberra. 
('Canberra', 'I')  The first proposal was that we should ask the Australians to send a representative to Singapore, although personally I think it would be preferable for us to send an officer to Canberra. 
('Canberra', 'I')  The first proposal was that we should ask the Australians to send a representative to Singapore, although personally I think it would be preferable for us to send an officer to Canberra. 
('Canberra', 'I')  The first proposal was that we should ask the Australians to send a representative to Singapore, although personally I think it would be preferable for us to send an officer to Canberra. 
('Canal Zone', 'Egypt')  Another major crisis in the last year, which still continues, is in Egypt, where we seem to be moving towards complete military control of the Canal Zone. 
('Canal Zone', 'Egypt')  If, of course, there is a rupture of relations with Egypt, FOULKES could very well go down to the Canal Zone and would no doubt be extremely useful. 
('Canal Zone', 'Egypt')  Our Ambassador thinks that it would be unwise to make any serious offer to negotiate until it is quite clear that the Government intends to put a stop to all acts of terrorism both in Egypt and in the Canal Zone, He does not, however, wish to wait too long. 
('Canal', 'Egyptian')  The matter has been brought forcibly to notice by the fact that the Egyptian Security officer on the Canal, has told our local representative that he knows of the existence of Plan SANDOWN BIGOT and that we might be wise to enligt Egyptian support for any such plan. 
('Canal', 'Egyptian')  There are a good many internal political moves going on in Egypt to try and find some alternative Government to that of Nahas, but it is difficult to see how any Government can now survive unless it makes British evacuation from the Canal and Egyptian sovereignty over the Sudan a plank in its platform. 
('Canal', 'Egyptian')  The The presence of British police officers in the Canal Zone would not produce much in the way of information unless there was a co-operative element of the Egyptian Police working under them. 
('Canadians', 'Mills')  The fact was that Cyril Mills had been sent out to deal with a very delicate double-cross case, which the Canadians had bungled. 
('Canadians', 'Mills')  The fact was that Cyril Mills had been sent out to deal with a very delicate double-cross case, which the Canadians had bungled. 
('Canadians', 'Mills')  The fact was that Cyril Mills had been sent out to deal with a very delicate double-cross case, which the Canadians had bungled. 
('Canadians', 'Cyril Mills')  The fact was that Cyril Mills had been sent out to deal with a very delicate double-cross case, which the Canadians had bungled. 
('Canadians', 'Cyril Mills')  The fact was that Cyril Mills had been sent out to deal with a very delicate double-cross case, which the Canadians had bungled. 
('Canadians', 'Cyril Mills')  The fact was that Cyril Mills had been sent out to deal with a very delicate double-cross case, which the Canadians had bungled. 
('Canadians', 'Cyril')  The fact was that Cyril Mills had been sent out to deal with a very delicate double-cross case, which the Canadians had bungled. 
('Canadians', 'Cyril')  The fact was that Cyril Mills had been sent out to deal with a very delicate double-cross case, which the Canadians had bungled. 
('Canadians', 'Cyril')  The fact was that Cyril Mills had been sent out to deal with a very delicate double-cross case, which the Canadians had bungled. 
('Canadian', 'Wood')  Commissioner Wood is apparently going in a months time and will be succeeded by Gagnon, the French Canadian, who is from all accountsa first-class man. 
('Canadian', 'Wood')  Commissioner Wood is apparently going in a months time and will be succeeded by Gagnon, the French Canadian, who is from all accountsa first-class man. 
('Canadian', 'Wood')  Commissioner Wood is apparently going in a months time and will be succeeded by Gagnon, the French Canadian, who is from all accountsa first-class man. 
('Canadian', 'Gagnon')  Commissioner Wood is apparently going in a months time and will be succeeded by Gagnon, the French Canadian, who is from all accountsa first-class man. 
('Canadian', 'Gagnon')  Commissioner Wood is apparently going in a months time and will be succeeded by Gagnon, the French Canadian, who is from all accountsa first-class man. 
('Canadian', 'Gagnon')  Commissioner Wood is apparently going in a months time and will be succeeded by Gagnon, the French Canadian, who is from all accountsa first-class man. 
('Canadian', 'Commander')  Commander Attwood, a Canadian who has been visiting N.I.D. 
('Canadian', 'Commander')  Commander Attwood, a Canadian who has been visiting N.I.D. 
('Canadian', 'Commander')  Commander Attwood, a Canadian who has been visiting N.I.D. 
('Canada', 'Victor')  I am asking Victor to take the matter up in New York and Canada and if necessary B-W might go out to Montreal to do the job, which he would undoubtedly handle it extremely well. 
('Canada', 'Victor')  We have just had a wire to say that 10 saboteurs have landed in Canada, and Victor is going to have a look at them. 
('Canada', 'Victor')  Victor has telegraphed about von JANOWSKI, the German spy who has arrived in Canada. 
('Canada', 'PONTECORVO')  In 1946 we asked Canada for information about any of the scientists who would be likely to be returning here; they had nothing to say about PONTECORVO. 
('Canada', 'PONTECORVO')  reports, but a natural inference is that Security Co-Ordination would have passed on the reports to Canada, where PONTECORVO was the employed. 
('Canada', 'PONTECORVO')  It was impossible to say whether PONTECORVO had committed acts of espionage here or in Canada which might have made him feel that he could only be secure behind the Iron Curtain, or whether he had gone to Russia from purely ideological motives. 
('Canada', 'Le')  Le Foreais explained that his task in the past had not been without considerable difficulties owing to the various idiosyncrasies of the allied representatives in Canada. 
('Canada', 'Le')  Le Forgeais told me that he had a list of 4-500 deserters from the Canadian and other forces stationed in Canada. 
('Canada', 'Le')  Le Forgeais said that Bavin was going up to Canada to see if he could come to some arangement with the Canadian authorities. 
('Canada', 'Italy')  52 to get Poles from Italy who might be suitable for emigration to Canada. 
('Canada', 'Italy')  A cable has just been received from Canada to say that they have documentary evidence that one of the Italian Consuls in Canada has issued instructions to Italians to commit acts of sabotage in the event of Italy coming into the war, and that explosives for this purpose have been assembled. 
('Canada', 'Italy')  to do nothing which would irritate the Italians, We cannot afford to go on like this any longer in view of the documentary evidence that the Canadians have obtained which shows that one of the Consulates in Canada has definite instructions for sabotage activities in the event of Italy coming into the war. 
('Canada', 'FUCHS')  Both FUCHS and PEIERIS had sisters in the U.S. - a mention of FUCHS' sister apparently appears in the diary of the Russian, HALPERIN, who was connected with the GOUZENKO case in Canada. 
('Canada', 'FUCHS')  All that we did know at the time was that FUCHS had been associated with some youth movement which was fighting the Nazis in Germany, and that when he was interned in Canada he had associated with the Communist Fritz KAHLE in the camp. 
('Canada', 'FUCHS')  in the Press, while he was in Canada, to the FUCHS case, and in particular the arrest of GOLD; the implication was that the F.B.I. 
('Canada', 'Consuls')  A cable has just been received from Canada to say that they have documentary evidence that one of the Italian Consuls in Canada has issued instructions to Italians to commit acts of sabotage in the event of Italy coming into the war, and that explosives for this purpose have been assembled. 
('Canada', 'Consuls')  In the light of what we now know about one of the Italian Consuls in Canada I think we shall have to consider the search of Italian consulates in a rather different light. 
('Canada', 'Consuls')  I said that this was not of course satisfactory from a security point of view, that it had been agreed to place the consuls under house arrest and cut off their telephones, the reason being that the consulates were the organising centres of the Fascio and that documentary information had been received that the Fascio in Canada and one of the local Consuls were planning acts of sabotage. 
('Campbell', 'Russell')  Colonel Campbell asked me to make enquiries and to let him know whether any of these people could supply him with the information which he required; he would then make arrangements for either himself or Lord Russell to see them. 
('Campbell', 'Russell')  Colonel Campbell asked me to make enquiries and to let him know whether any of these people could supply him with the information which he required; he would then make arrangements for either himself or Lord Russell to see them. 
('Campbell', 'Russell')  Colonel Campbell asked me to make enquiries and to let him know whether any of these people could supply him with the information which he required; he would then make arrangements for either himself or Lord Russell to see them. 
('Campbell', 'Parliamentary')  We impressed upon Campbell that Camp 020 was authorised as a place or detention by the Home Secretary, and was visited on several occasions by the Under Secretary of State and also by the Parliamentary Secretary and the Home Office doctor: no complaints or substance had ever been received - In fact all had expressed their appreciation of the way the camp was being run. 
('Campbell', 'Parliamentary')  We impressed upon Campbell that Camp 020 was authorised as a place or detention by the Home Secretary, and was visited on several occasions by the Under Secretary of State and also by the Parliamentary Secretary and the Home Office doctor: no complaints or substance had ever been received - in fact all had expressed their appreciation of the way the camp was being run. 
('Campbell', 'Parliamentary')  We impressed upon Campbell that Camp 020 was authorised as a place of detention by the Home Secretary, and was visited on several occasions by the Under Secretary of State and also by the Parliamentary Secretary and the Home Office doctor: no complaints or substance had ever been received - in fact all had expressed their appreciation of the way the camp was being run. 
('Campbell', 'Maxwell')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Campbell', 'Maxwell')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Campbell', 'Maxwell')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about pundishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Peake, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Campbell', 'Herbert')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Campbell', 'Herbert')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Campbell', 'Herbert')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about pundishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Peake, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Campbell', 'Ham')  I said that we had nothing whatever to hide as regards Ham, apart from the security aspect of the work done there, but that I should be glad to know how the procedure at Ham was relevant to the proceedings now pending in Germany Campbell replied that statements had been made in the summary of evidence that the camps in Germanyhad been set up on the lines of Ham, and that as no instructions had been given by the Control Commission, he was anxious to know what the standing orders and procedure at Ham were. 
('Campbell', 'Ham')  I said that we had nothing whatever to hide as regards Ham, apart from the security aspect of the work done there, but that I should be glad to know how the procedure at Ham was relevant to the proceedings now pending in Germany Campbell replied that statements had been made in the summary of evidence that the camps in Germanyhad been set up on the lines of Ham, and that as no instructions had been given by the Control Commission, he was anxious to know what the standing orders and procedure at Ham were. 
('Campbell', 'Ham')  Campbell replied that statements had been made in the summary of evidence that the camps in Germanyhad been set up on the lines of Ham, and that as no instructions had been given by the Control Commission, he was anxious to know what the standing orders and procedure at Ham were. 
('Campbell', 'Director')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Campbell', 'Director')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Campbell', 'Director')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about pundishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Peake, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Campbell', 'Dick')  Colonel Campbell of the J.A.G's Department called here to see Dick and myself. 
('Campbell', 'Dick')  Colonel Campbell of the J.A.G's Department called here to see Dick and myself. 
('Campbell', 'Dick')  Colonel Campbell of the J.A.G's Department called here to see Dick and myself. 
('Campbell', 'Creedy')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Campbell', 'Creedy')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Campbell', 'Creedy')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about pundishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Peake, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Camp', 'Parliamentary')  We impressed upon Campbell that Camp 020 was authorised as a place or detention by the Home Secretary, and was visited on several occasions by the Under Secretary of State and also by the Parliamentary Secretary and the Home Office doctor: no complaints or substance had ever been received - In fact all had expressed their appreciation of the way the camp was being run. 
('Camp', 'Parliamentary')  We impressed upon Campbell that Camp 020 was authorised as a place or detention by the Home Secretary, and was visited on several occasions by the Under Secretary of State and also by the Parliamentary Secretary and the Home Office doctor: no complaints or substance had ever been received - in fact all had expressed their appreciation of the way the camp was being run. 
('Camp', 'Parliamentary')  We impressed upon Campbell that Camp 020 was authorised as a place of detention by the Home Secretary, and was visited on several occasions by the Under Secretary of State and also by the Parliamentary Secretary and the Home Office doctor: no complaints or substance had ever been received - in fact all had expressed their appreciation of the way the camp was being run. 
('Camp', 'Moran')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Camp', 'Moran')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Camp', 'Moran')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Camp', 'Ham')  He said that he wanted to know (a) what the standing regulations were at Ham, (b) what instructions there were about punishments, and (c) what happened when Camp 020 was transferred to Germany. 
('Camp', 'Ham')  He said that he wanted to know (a) what the standing regulations were at Ham, (b) what instructions there were about punishments, and (c) what happened when Camp 020 was transferred to Germany. 
('Camp', 'Ham')  He said that he wanted to know (a) what the standing regulations were at Ham, (b) what instructions there were about punishments, and (c) what happened when Camp 020 was transferred to Germany. 
('Camp', 'Captain Moran')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Camp', 'Captain Moran')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Camp', 'Captain Moran')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Camp', 'Captain')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Camp', 'Captain')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Camp', 'Captain')  I saw Captain Moran to-day, who was at Camp 020 and subsequently with Colonel Stephens in Germany. 
('Callaghan', 'Marriott')  Marriott and Callaghan came to say goodbye. 
('Callaghan', 'Marriott')  Marriott and Callaghan came to say goodbye. 
('Callaghan', 'Marriott')  Marriott and Callaghan came to say goodbye. 
('Cairo', 'Egyptian')  We are arranging for his Egyptian visa here, but suggesting that if he wants to go to Iraq and Syria he should get his visas in Cairo. 
('Cairo', 'Egyptian')  There was no doubt that we had to pay a lot to the Egyptian Police to be allowed to remain unmolested in Cairo. 
('Cairo', 'Egyptian')  which seemed to indicate that PLUGGE has been instrumental in supplying the Egyptian Ambassador with some means of direct communication vith Cairo. 
('Cabinet', 'Norman')  had been given no opportunity of speaking to the P.M. about the American visa before the matter was decided in the Cabinet, Serp)1 saw Bavin, Sir Norman Brook's P.A., yesterday and it has been arranged that in future we shall see all the Agendas for the Cabinet Meetings. 
('Cabinet', 'Norman')  had been given no opportunity of speaking to the P.M. about the American visa before the matter was decided in the Cabinet, Serpell saw Bavin, Sir Norman Brook's P.A., yesterday and it has been arranged that in future we shall see all the Agendas for the Cabinet Meetings. 
('Cabinet', 'Norman')  Norman Brook has seen [redacted] the Left Winger working in the Cabinet Offices, and on the whole has formed a favourable impression. 
('Cabinet', 'Hankey')  finally decided to go and see Lord Hankey and get him to devise some mean by which we could have direct access to the War Cabinet when we wanted to get a decision on matters of importance affecting other depts. 
('Cabinet', 'Hankey')  Lord Hankey has been asked by the Cabinet to explain why so much is being heard about the spy menace. 
('Cabinet', 'Hankey')  On 2nd May the War Cabinet Leakage of Information Committee met under the chairmanship of Lord Hankey to discuss leakage of information from Eire, It was decided to have a test censorship 10-20 of mails for one week. 
('Cabinet', 'Graham')  Graham has got an awkward case in the Cabinet Office. 
('Cabinet', 'Graham')  Graham went on to say that it had been suggested that the whole matter should be put up for a high level decision on policy between the Home Secretary and the Foreign Secretary, who were the two people immediately concerned; it will then probably go up to the Cabinet. 
('Cabinet', 'Graham')  Graham Mitchell asked me whether, in the light of the reversal of the previous Cabinet decision, we should go on with our preparations in Sheffield, to cover the Congress, which are in effect considerable. 
('Cabinet', 'Dick')  In connection with this, Dick White said that firms will not be able to wait much longer for a Cabinet decision regarding industrial employees. 
('Cabinet', 'Dick')  Dick told the meeting of a rather puzzling case of man who has recently been posted to the Cabinet Office from the Ministry of Education and now comes into the secret field for the first time. 
('Cabinet', 'Dick')  Dick had really rather come to the conclusion of his job in Washington and he thought it much better that a Cabinet representative should take over. 
('CREWS', 'Turkey')  Our file for Dr. CREWS relates almost entirely to the trouble over her with the British Council in Turkey. 
('CREWS', 'Turkey')  Our file for Dr. CREWS relates almost entirely to the trouble over her with the British Council in Turkey. 
('CREWS', 'Turkey')  Our file for Dr. CREWS relates almost entirely to the trouble over her with the British Council in Turkey. 
('CREWS', 'Spanish')  Dr. CREWS is now looking for work and is clearly an able linguist in Turkish, Roumanian, Spanish, French, German, Italian, and Judeo-Spanish. 
('CREWS', 'Spanish')  Dr. CREWS is now looking for work and is clearly an able linguist in Turkish, Roumanian, Spanish, French, German, Italian, and Judeo-Spanish. 
('CREWS', 'Spanish')  Dr. CREWS is now looking for work and is clearly an able linguist in Turkish, Roumanian, Spanish, French, German, Italian, and Judeo-Spanish. 
('CREWS', 'Roumanian')  Dr. CREWS is now looking for work and is clearly an able linguist in Turkish, Roumanian, Spanish, French, German, Italian, and Judeo-Spanish. 
('CREWS', 'Roumanian')  Dr. CREWS is now looking for work and is clearly an able linguist in Turkish, Roumanian, Spanish, French, German, Italian, and Judeo-Spanish. 
('CREWS', 'Roumanian')  Dr. CREWS is now looking for work and is clearly an able linguist in Turkish, Roumanian, Spanish, French, German, Italian, and Judeo-Spanish. 
('CREWS', 'Council')  Our file for Dr. CREWS relates almost entirely to the trouble over her with the British Council in Turkey. 
('CREWS', 'Council')  Our file for Dr. CREWS relates almost entirely to the trouble over her with the British Council in Turkey. 
('CREWS', 'Council')  Our file for Dr. CREWS relates almost entirely to the trouble over her with the British Council in Turkey. 
('CRAUFURD', 'I')  I asked Hill about CRAUFURD. 
('CRAUFURD', 'I')  I talked to Hill about CRAUFURD. 
('CRAUFURD', 'I')  Hill also had it in mind that CRAUFURD formerly had the intention of going to I.C.I. 
('COURCY', 'WARNER')  De COURCY's letters are clearly libellous and it may be for consideration whether WARNER should not bring a libel action against de COURCY and "Time" and "Life", but this would obviously raise a real hornet's nest and a lot of mud would stick to the Foreign office, since whatever the truth about WARNER, he is certainly rather a disreputable person. 
('COURCY', 'WARNER')  He was much more in favour of WARNER bringing an action against both de COURCY and SEAMAN, or "Time" and "Life". 
('COURCY', 'WARNER')  In Burt's opinion there was now a cast-iron case for WARNER to prosecute de COURCY for libel, but it seems extremely doubtful whether the Foreign Office will allow him to do so, even if he is willing himself. 
('COURCY', 'Newsam')  -------------- Newsam asked to see me about H.O.Ws on de COURCY and his associates. 
('COURCY', 'Newsam')  -------------- I had a talk with Newsam to-day about de COURCY. 
('COURCY', 'Newsam')  Newsam agreed the following formula for the warrant on de COURCY:. 
('COURCY', 'Duke')  I told Tommy that I would not put it above de COURCY to have fixed all this up with the Duke in order to blackmail the Govt. 
('COURCY', 'Duke')  into allowing the Duke to return to the U.K.  told him what we knew about de COURCY and that this was just the kind of matter in which he would probably like to dabble. 
('COURCY', 'Duke')  Tommy's line is to refuse to see de COURCY and to take the risk of the Duke giving a statement to the Press which he does not think would cut much ice. 
('CORBY', 'Royal')  The proposal is to set up a Royal Commission in Canada which after examining CORBY, will detain and interrogate all others, including CP. 
('CORBY', 'Royal')  Information is beginning to come in about the CORBY case where the Royal Commission has had CORBY under examination. 
('CORBY', 'Royal')  He was particularly anxious to have a copy of the report of the Royal Commission on the CORBY case. 
('CORBY', 'I')  I lunched with Howe today and gave him the latest dope on the CORBY case and told him that it was now in the realm of high politics and there was no chance or any thing being done until the Americans were ready. 
('CORBY', 'I')  I told him that we were particularly interested in the activities of the Russian S.S. which were related to the Rotekapelle organisation and also to the CORBY case in Canada. 
('CORBY', 'I')  I then asked CORBY whether the Russians had deliberately let the Germans into their country in 1941. 
('Butler', 'Treasury')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Butler', 'Treasury')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Butler', 'Treasury')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Butler', 'Horrocks')  at which Harker, Butler, Horrocks, Ede, Dick and myself were present. 
('Butler', 'Horrocks')  Orr has written a memo on the position of Room 055 and Harker, Butler and Horrocks have produced another on its back history. 
('Butler', 'Horrocks')  smemo and told him that altho/ Harker, Butler and Horrocks had seen it I had not. 
('Busk', 'Morton')  After a long consultation with Magan and Dick it was decided that Morton should make a tentative approach to Busk about obtaining Embassy cover. 
('Busk', 'Morton')  and Dick it was decided that Morton should make a tentative approach to Busk about obtaining Embassy cover. 
('Busk', 'Morton')  After a long consultation with Magan and Dick it was decided that Morton should make a tentative approach to Busk about obtaining Embassy cover. 
('Busk', 'Dick')  After a long consultation with Magan and Dick it was decided that Morton should make a tentative approach to Busk about obtaining Embassy cover. 
('Busk', 'Dick')  and Dick it was decided that Morton should make a tentative approach to Busk about obtaining Embassy cover. 
('Busk', 'Dick')  After a long consultation with Magan and Dick it was decided that Morton should make a tentative approach to Busk about obtaining Embassy cover. 
('Burt', 'ZIG ZAG')  In exchange for this little service, Burt will expect more information from ZIG ZAG and WILMER! 
('Burt', 'ZIG ZAG')  In exchange for this little service, Burt will expect more information from ZIG ZAG and WILMER! 
('Burt', 'ZIG ZAG')  In exchange for this little service, Burt will expect more information from ZIG ZAG and WILMER! 
('Burt', 'Yugo')  Burt rang me up to say that ZIG-ZAG had asked him to meet two Yugo-Slav Women journalists, who had told ZIG-ZAG that they were receiving 40 a month from the Yugo- Slav Embassy to carry out certain espionage duties. 
('Burt', 'Yugo')  Burt rang me up to say that ZIG-ZAG had asked him to meet two Yugo-Slav women journalists, who had told ZIG-ZAG that they were receiving 40 a month from the Yugo- Slav Embassy to carry out certain espionage duties. 
('Burt', 'Yugo')  Burt rang me up to say that ZIG-ZAG had asked him to meet two Yugo-slav Women journalists, who had told ZIG-ZAG that they were receiving 40 a month from the Yugo- Slav Embassy to carry out certain espionage duties. 
('Burt', 'Spooner')  I told Burt that his promotion to Lt.-Col. Find the promotions or Spooner and Skardon to Major had been approved by the Military Secretary. 
('Burt', 'Spooner')  After speaking to Burt, it seemed that Spooner and Skardon would probably be able to handle any case if it arose. 
('Burt', 'Spooner')  Burt and Spooner searched his premises but there is no reason to think that any of the documents are of a specially incriminating nature. 
('Burt', 'Slav')  Burt rang me up to say that ZIG-ZAG had asked him to meet two Yugo-Slav Women journalists, who had told ZIG-ZAG that they were receiving 40 a month from the Yugo- Slav Embassy to carry out certain espionage duties. 
('Burt', 'Slav')  Burt rang me up to say that ZIG-ZAG had asked him to meet two Yugo-Slav women journalists, who had told ZIG-ZAG that they were receiving 40 a month from the Yugo- Slav Embassy to carry out certain espionage duties. 
('Burt', 'Slav')  Burt rang me up to say that ZIG-ZAG had asked him to meet two Yugo-slav Women journalists, who had told ZIG-ZAG that they were receiving 40 a month from the Yugo- Slav Embassy to carry out certain espionage duties. 
('Burt', 'Poles')  Burt came to see me about Poles. 
('Burt', 'Poles')  Burt rang up about the case of [missing] our Poles for attempting to smuggle a Polish girl out of the country. 
('Burt', 'Poles')  I said that I hardly thought it worth while pressing the Air Ministry to get us a seat on the plane for Burt to go to Canada and America, until we had made an attempt here to clear up the case through the interrogation of various Poles who have travelledon Sikorski's plane. 
('Burt', 'MEYER')  I went to see Ronnie Howe and Burt, after receiving a message from Keith Randell in Germany about a Dr. MEYER of the Ministry of the Interior in Rhine Westphalia; who was visiting the Yard with officials from the other Laender. 
('Burt', 'MEYER')  Burt undertook to speak to MEYER and explain to him how well the situation worked in this country. 
('Burt', 'MEYER')  Burt telephoned to say that he had seen Dr. MEYER and informed him about the relations between the Security Service and the Police, which worked satisfactorily in this country. 
('Burt', 'Holland')  Burt brought in Johnson, who has just been giving instruction in Holland to Einthoven's organisation, at the request of M.I.,6. 
('Burt', 'Holland')  Burt brought in Johnson, who has just been giving instruction in Holland to Einthoven's organisation, at the request of M.I.6. 
('Burt', 'Holland')  Burt brought in Johnson, who has just been giving instruction in Holland to Einthoven's organisation, at the request of M.I.6. 
('Burt', 'Customs')  This was unfortunate as Burt finds WILMER quite useful: he therefore squared the Customs to drop the prosecution provided that three times the value of the watch was paid. 
('Burt', 'Customs')  WILMER brought in a diamond watch the other day and was caught by the Customs, This was unfortunate as Burt finds WILMER quite useful: he therefore squared the Customs to drop the prosecution provided that three times the value of the watch was paid. 
('Burt', 'Customs')  This was unfortunate as Burt finds WILMER quite useful: he therefore squared the Customs to drop the prosecution provided that three times the value of the watch was paid. 
('Burmese', 'San')  22nd July Hunt came to see me, when we discussed the latest developments, namely, the assassination of Aung San and five other Burmese ministers, Hunt was very concerned about the part played by certain British officers in supplying arms to U Saw, who was believed to be at the back of the whole coup. 
('Burmese', 'San')  had refused to express views on the Burmese situation after the assassination of Aung San, as they were not in possession of the Governor's telegrams from Rangoon. 
('Burmese', 'San')  Hunt came to see me, when we discussed the latest developments, namely, the assassination of Aung San and five other Burmese ministers. 
('Burmese', 'I')  I told him that it was impossible for us to say anything at the moment, since much depended on the attitude of the Burmese. 
('Burmese', 'I')  I told him that it was impossible for us to say anything at the moment, since much depended on the attitude of the Burmese. 
('Burmese', 'I')  I told him that it was impossible for us to say anything at the moment, since much depended on the attitude of the Burmese. 
('Burmese', 'Charter')  's Charter and his status vis-a-vis the Burmese authorities. 
('Burmese', 'Charter')  's Charter and his status vis-a-vis the Burmese authorities. 
('Burmese', 'Charter')  's Charter and his status vis-a-vis the Burmese authorities. 
('Burma', 'Kellar')  I discussed with H/SIFE, Kellar and Courtenay two telegrams from Burma relating to the D.S.O. 
('Burma', 'Kellar')  I discussed with H/SIFE, Kellar and Courtenay two telegrans from Burma relating to the D.S.O. 
('Burma', 'Kellar')  I discussed with H/SITE, Kellar and Courtenay two telegrans from Burma relating to the 150 D.S.O. 
('Burma', 'John')  He seems to be quite confirtably* settled in the country and he is prepared to wait until [missing] He thinks that we are on a very favourable wicket in Burma, and that it would be a mistake, at any rate for the time being, to move John Harrison, who is doing extremely well. 
('Burma', 'John')  He seems to be quite Confirtably settled in the country and he is prepared to wait until he thinks that we are on a very favourable wicket in Burma, and that it would be a mistake, at any rate for the time being, to move John Harrison, who is doing extremely well. 
('Burma', 'John')  He seems to be quite confirtably settled in the country and he is prepared to wait until 111 He thinks that we are on a very favourable wicket in Burma, and that it would be a mistake, at any rate for the time being, to move John Harrison, who is doing extremely well. 
('Burma', 'Head')  General Bourne, who is to be Head of our Military Mission in Burma, came to see me. 
('Burma', 'Head')  General Bourne, who is to be Head of our Military Mission in Burma, came to see me. 
('Burma', 'Head')  134 General Bourne, who is to be Head of our Military Mission in Burma, came to see me. 
('Burma', 'Chinese')  In Burma the position is chaotic, with the Karens fighting for independence, and the Communists fighting for control against a weak Government are now heartened by Chinese Communist forces on their borders. 
('Burma', 'Chinese')  Apart from this, the cessation of hostilities in Korea is almost certain to lead to Chinese activity elsewhere, particularly in Indo-China, Burma, Malaya, and possibly Hong Kong. 
('Burma', 'Chinese')  Asked why the Chinese Communists did not give more active support to the B.C.P., Mr. Speaight said that China probably preferred a policy of friendly relations for the moment and would not, therefore, like to be exposed se active supporters or communist activity in Burma, Weither would they like to face an appeal by Burma to the United Nations. 
('Burgess', 'I')  I went over to the Cabinet Offices, where I saw Murrie and Burgess, the Establishment officer in the Cabinet Offices. 
('Burgess', 'I')  I went over to the Cabinet Offices, where I saw Murrie and Burgess, the Establishment officer in the Cabinet Offices. 
('Burgess', 'I')  I explained to Burgess the difficulties which we were encountering in Hong Kong vis a vis the Police. 
('Bureau', 'India')  Cimperman told me that he had had a request from the Bureau for some report that was written on Communism in India. 
('Bureau', 'India')  She was formerly connected with the India League and comes from the Colonial Bureau of the Fabian Society. 
('Bureau', 'India')  Illicit Wireless 73,137,14.,149,156,166 230,328,331,339,346 Imposters 31,35 India 103,181,234,258,259, 260,299 aternational African Service Bureau 80 International Esperantists 78 Internment, French policy 311 Internment, Policy re- 32,40,41,42,55,58,67, 71,72,74,85,92,101, 185,200,278,282,324, 341 Internees 154,158,159,2W7,251, 262,282,301 ,318 Interrogations 38,44,45,170 Inventions nventors, visas br: R.A. 159,166 76 52,135,146,207,225, 269,306,348 Irish-German matters 3,27,133 Irish Neutrality League 161 Isolation Camps 84,111,162 ITA 63 Italians ,policy re Catalogue Reference:KV/4/185 47,56,59,83,68 303 J. JACOBS 281 JAECKH, Dr. 15,155 337 323,334,347,343 JAHNKE Japan 322,330 Japanese Embassy 47 JEUNE, Mr. 307,312 JITLOV, V.S. 
('Bureau', 'Hoover')  15 8th October 1946 Cimperman called to see me with a letter which he had received from the Bureau asking that we should be informed that contrary to a statement in the American Press, Mr. Hoover had communicated nothing to Drew Pearson about the Corby case in Canada. 
('Bureau', 'Hoover')  Fletcher had more knowledge of Soviet espionage than anybody else in the Bureau and all Hoover has really done is to dislocate his organisation. 
('Bureau', 'Hoover')  He said that in his view Mr. Hoover would be very pleased to receive one of our officers and to give him a room in the Bureau. 
('Bureau', 'Cimperman')  Cimperman told me that he had had a request from the Bureau for some report that was written on Communism in India. 
('Bureau', 'Cimperman')  15 8th October 1946 Cimperman called to see me with a letter which he had received from the Bureau asking that we should be informed that contrary to a statement in the American Press, Mr. Hoover had communicated nothing to Drew Pearson about the Corby case in Canada. 
('Bureau', 'Cimperman')  Lish Whitson has arrived and Johnny Cimperman is somewhat hurt that the Bureau has not kept him informed. 
('Bulgarian', 'Hungarian')  Kander had contacts in Sofia with the Bulgarian police and in Budapest with the Hungarian Intelligence Service. 
('Bulgarian', 'Hungarian')  I said that I was quite sure that we ought to retain Polish, Czech, Hungarian, Roumanian and Bulgarian files after they have been reviewed. 
('Bulgarian', 'Hungarian')  Italy would ensure that Hungarian and Bulgarian claims were satisfied by Roumania. 
('Bulgaria', 'MANIU')  They have already dealt with PETKOW in Bulgaria, and are now dealing with MANIU in Roumania. 
('Bulgaria', 'MANIU')  They have already dealt with PETKOV in Bulgaria, and are now dealing with MANIU in Roumenia. 
('Bulgaria', 'MANIU')  They have already dealt with PETKOV in Bulgaria, and are now dealing with MANIU in Roumenia. 
('Brussels', 'I')  I told him that I thought Hoosens should be represented on the Brussels Treaty Security Committee. 
('Brussels', 'I')  I am a little inclined to think he may have a financial interest in Phillips whose name he is so anxious to clear, not only in the eyes of the Americans, but also the Brussels Treaty Powers. 
('Brussels', 'I')  I had, therefore, wondered whether it was in fact worth while, as there would not be time for Irvine to go round to other offices either in Paris or Brussels, or in The Hague. 
('Brussels', 'Hague')  Sinclair wants to send a telegram to Paris, Brussels and The Hague, expressing his disagreement with this document and stating that M.I.5 share his views. 
('Brussels', 'Hague')  I had, therefore, wondered whether it was in fact worth while, as there would not be time for Irvine to go round to other offices either in Paris or Brussels, or in The Hague. 
('Brussels', 'Hague')  Dick immediately got into touch with his agent at the Hague, whose identity was known to S. and instructed her to make her way to Brussels and return by plane. 
('Bruce', 'I')  Geoffrey Patterson and I lunched with Bruce Henderson, General of Dakar. 
('Bruce', 'I')  I gather that Bruce is alloved to see the F.B.I. 
('Bruce', 'I')  Bruce was very anxious that I should treat what he had told me as strictly confidential and that I should make no use of his name. 
('Bros.', 'Hyderabad')  Cracroft, from the War Office, rang me up to say that'a request for arms for Hyderabad was being made by close Bros., and that it was being alleged that this had M.I.5. 
('Bros.', 'Hyderabad')  Cracroft, from the War Office, rang me up to say that a request for arms for Hyderabad was being made by Close Bros., and that it was being alleged that this had M.I.5. 
('Bros.', 'Hyderabad')  Cracroft, from the War Office, rang me up to say that a request for arms for Hyderabad was being made by Close Bros., and that it was being alleged that this had M.I.5. 
('Bros.', 'Cracroft')  Cracroft, from the War Office, rang me up to say that'a request for arms for Hyderabad was being made by close Bros., and that it was being alleged that this had M.I.5. 
('Bros.', 'Cracroft')  Cracroft, from the War Office, rang me up to say that a request for arms for Hyderabad was being made by Close Bros., and that it was being alleged that this had M.I.5. 
('Bros.', 'Cracroft')  Cracroft, from the War Office, rang me up to say that a request for arms for Hyderabad was being made by Close Bros., and that it was being alleged that this had M.I.5. 
('Bros', 'Hyderabad')  Cracroft, from the War Office, rang me up to say that'a request for arms for Hyderabad was being made by close Bros., and that it was being alleged that this had M.I.5. 
('Bros', 'Hyderabad')  Cracroft, from the War Office, rang me up to say that a request for arms for Hyderabad was being made by Close Bros., and that it was being alleged that this had M.I.5. 
('Bros', 'Hyderabad')  Cracroft, from the War Office, rang me up to say that a request for arms for Hyderabad was being made by Close Bros., and that it was being alleged that this had M.I.5. 
('Bros', 'Cracroft')  Cracroft, from the War Office, rang me up to say that'a request for arms for Hyderabad was being made by close Bros., and that it was being alleged that this had M.I.5. 
('Bros', 'Cracroft')  Cracroft, from the War Office, rang me up to say that a request for arms for Hyderabad was being made by Close Bros., and that it was being alleged that this had M.I.5. 
('Bros', 'Cracroft')  Cracroft, from the War Office, rang me up to say that a request for arms for Hyderabad was being made by Close Bros., and that it was being alleged that this had M.I.5. 
('Brook', 'Parker')  I suggested that before reaching decision Brook should have a word with Sir Harold Parker, who would tell him about Tizard's interview with BLACKETT. 
('Brook', 'Parker')  (G) staff would be of the type which could be absorbed into a Government Intelligence Service, I understand that the question of a Government Intelligence Service does not refer to proposals in the Brook Committee Report, but to a matter under discussion by a Committee of P.U.Ss from the Services under the Chairmanship of Sir Harold Parker. 
('Brook', 'Parker')  I attended the Brook Corraittee meeting to-day, on which sir Harold Parker, Sir Robert Gould, Baker, Nicholis and Peck were present, Brook being in the Chair. 
('Brook', 'Jacob')  I told him that ever since the meeting of the Brook Committee we had been looking into this more carefully; that we had had previously had discussions with General Jacob, and that as soon as I got all the facts I was proposing to come over and see morman Brook. 
('Brook', 'Jacob')  Brook was considering an approach to General Jacob and, with the D.G's approval, I proposed to see him and give him some background about our previous approaches. 
('Brook', 'Jacob')  Brook agreed with this view, but said that owing to complaints that had received from Nutting, the Parliamentary Under Secretary at the Foreign [missing]fice, he was going to have a talk with Jacob. 
('Brook', 'Harold Parker')  I suggested that before reaching decision Brook should have a word with Sir Harold Parker, who would tell him about Tizard's interview with BLACKETT. 
('Brook', 'Harold Parker')  (G) staff would be of the type which could be absorbed into a Government Intelligence Service, I understand that the question of a Government Intelligence Service does not refer to proposals in the Brook Committee Report, but to a matter under discussion by a Committee of P.U.Ss from the Services under the Chairmanship of Sir Harold Parker. 
('Brook', 'Harold Parker')  I attended the Brook Corraittee meeting to-day, on which sir Harold Parker, Sir Robert Gould, Baker, Nicholis and Peck were present, Brook being in the Chair. 
('Brook', 'Cabinet')  Brook then told us that the Cabinet had been considering some form of legislation which would supercede the Malicious Damage Act and make it a criminal offence to impede in any way the measures being taken which affected the security of the State. 
('Brook', 'Cabinet')  Norman Brook has seen [redacted] the Left Winger working in the Cabinet Offices, and on the whole has formed a favourable impression. 
('Brook', 'Cabinet')  It appears that the Cabinet Committee has been set up to settle this matter under the chairmanship of Cruikshank, with Monckton, Macmillan and [missing]rman Brook as its other members. 
('Broadway', 'Viv')  72 I had a meeting with Viv,	Philby and 		at Broadway, about the representatives of the R.C.M.P., who wanted our assistance in vetting immigrants from this country and from the Continent. 
('Broadway', 'Viv')  Charles is going to look into this, I had a meeting at Broadway with C. Dansey Viv. 
('Broadway', 'Viv')  I had another meeting at Broadway with C. and Viv. 
('Broadway', 'Dick')  Dick and I went to a conference at Broadway attended by Sinclair, Vivian, [redacted] to discuss the future of CICB. 
('Broadway', 'Dick')  Had a meeting with Vivian, Cohen, Maltby, Dick and Paddy Bamford at Broadway on the subject of the future of Intelligence from India, After a good deal of talk it was agreed that we had to prepare for the worst; that Maltby should proceed straight away to try and recruit some suitable wireless operators, who. 
('Broadway', 'Dick')  Both Dick and Gibbs thought that there was nothing to prevent Section V. coming to London, and he says that many of the section officers felt that they are losing much in the country and are being by-passed by the P. Sections in Broadway. 
('Britannia', 'I')  I attended a rehearsel of Exercise Britannia this morning. 
('Britannia', 'I')  had mentioned his presence here when I motored down to Camberley with him for Exercise Britannia. 
('Britannia', 'I')  I went down to Camberley again for an Exercise Britannia rehearsel. 
('Brigade', 'Sudan')  We should then have a Division in Cyrenaica, less two battalions, a Brigade in Cyprus, and two battalions in the Sudan. 
('Brigade', 'Sudan')  We should then have a Division in Cyrenaica, less two battalions, a Brigade in Cyprus, and two battalions in the Sudan. 
('Brigade', 'Sudan')  We should then have a Division in Cyrenaica, less two battalions, a Brigade in Cyprus, and two battalions in the Sudan. 
('Brigade', 'Cyrenaica')  We should then have a Division in Cyrenaica, less two battalions, a Brigade in Cyprus, and two battalions in the Sudan. 
('Brigade', 'Cyrenaica')  We should then have a Division in Cyrenaica, less two battalions, a Brigade in Cyprus, and two battalions in the Sudan. 
('Brigade', 'Cyrenaica')  We should then have a Division in Cyrenaica, less two battalions, a Brigade in Cyprus, and two battalions in the Sudan. 
('Brigade', 'Cyprus')  We should then have a Division in Cyrenaica, less two battalions, a Brigade in Cyprus, and two battalions in the Sudan. 
('Brigade', 'Cyprus')  We should then have a Division in Cyrenaica, less two battalions, a Brigade in Cyprus, and two battalions in the Sudan. 
('Brigade', 'Cyprus')  We should then have a Division in Cyrenaica, less two battalions, a Brigade in Cyprus, and two battalions in the Sudan. 
('Brenner', 'Musso')  A man called DALMANIN, a Maltese, has offered us the text of the Brenner Treaty between Musso and Hitler for the small sum of 5 million lira! 
('Brenner', 'Musso')  material of 4.4.40: The following account has been given of the Brenner meeting between Hitler and Musso. 
('Brenner', 'Musso')  On April 3rd Musso was reported to be rather out of hand since the Brenner meeting but not yet committed. 
('Brazzaville', 'I')  I could not see, therefore, how a report by the new British Consul in Brazzaville, Mason, was likely to affect things. 
('Brazzaville', 'I')  2. that I should see [redacted] and inform him that I had met with considerable difficulties owing to security issues affecting the exchange of information with the French, and in particular over the attitude of Brazzaville, to any sort of exchange with the Foreign Office representatives, and over the mission of Coat of I.R.D. 
('Brazzaville', 'I')  I told [redacted] in view of these incidents, that the view held by the Foreign Office was that unless there were a change of heart and some indication that the local authorities were prepared to collaborate with the new Consul-General, Mr. Mason, who had just gone out to Brazzaville, little advantage could result from the appointment of an S.D.E.C.E. 
('Bowker', 'Legation')  Bowker said that he would like to have the D.S.O., whom he thought would be of value to him, and that he was agreeable to giving him accommodation in his office in the Legation building. 
('Bowker', 'Legation')  Bowker said that he would like to have the D.S.O., whom he thought would be of value to him, and that he was agreeable to giving him accomodation in his office in the Legation building. 
('Bowker', 'Legation')  Bowker said that he would like to have the D.S.O., whom he thought would be of value to him, and that he was agreeable to giving him accomodation in his office in the Legation building. 
('Bowker', 'Burma')  I saw Bowker, who is to be our Minister In Burma, at the Burma office to-day. 
('Bowker', 'Burma')  I saw Bowker, who is to be our Minister in Burma, at the Burma Office to-day. 
('Bowker', 'Burma')  I saw Bowker, who is to be our Minister in Burma, at the Burma office to-day. 
('Bourne', 'Head')  General Bourne, who is to be Head of our Military Mission in Burma, came to see me. 
('Bourne', 'Head')  General Bourne, who is to be Head of our Military Mission in Burma, came to see me. 
('Bourne', 'Head')  134 General Bourne, who is to be Head of our Military Mission in Burma, came to see me. 
('Bourne', 'Burma')  General Bourne, who is to be Head of our Military Mission in Burma, came to see me. 
('Bourne', 'Burma')  General Bourne, who is to be Head of our Military Mission in Burma, came to see me. 
('Bourne', 'Burma')  134 General Bourne, who is to be Head of our Military Mission in Burma, came to see me. 
('Borough', 'County')  He said, with some bitterness, that for the Royal visit it had been arranged as usual that Lancs County should provide the escort, but one of the Borough C.Cs had said that he would not have a Lancs. 
('Borough', 'County')  County car going through his Borough. 
('Borough', 'County')  He said that he had never been asked and that only 4 Borough C.C.s and 4 County C.C.s had been present. 
('Boddington', 'Navy')  Phillips, A.D.N.I., came over for a dis- cussion with F-J, Boddington and myself about setting up some machinery by which the Navy could be kept informed of the re- actions of the fleet to Admiralty orders, Phillips and the D.N.I. 
('Boddington', 'Navy')  Phillips, A.D.N.I., came over for a dis- cussion with F-J, Boddington and myself about setting up some machinery by which the Navy could be kept informed of the re- actions of the fleet to Admiralty orders, Phillips and the D.N.I. 
('Boddington', 'Navy')  Phillips, A.D.N.I., came over for a dis- cussion with F-J, Boddington and myself about setting up some machinery by which the Navy could be kept informed of the re- actions of the fleet to Admiralty orders. 
('Boddington', 'Marines')  Boddington suggested that the Marines might possibly work through the Marine Police, who are already concerned with other matters in the dockyard, such as pilfering, etc. 
('Boddington', 'Marines')  Boddington suggested that the Marines might possibly work through the Marine Police, who are already concerned with other matters in the dockyard, such as pilfering, etc. 
('Boddington', 'Marines')  Boddington suggested that the Marines might possibly work through the Marine Police, who are already concerned with other matters in the dockyard, such as pilfering, etc. 
('Boddington', 'Marine')  Boddington suggested that the Marines might possibly work through the Marine Police, who are already concerned with other matters in the dockyard, such as pilfering, etc. 
('Boddington', 'Marine')  Boddington suggested that the Marines might possibly work through the Marine Police, who are already concerned with other matters in the dockyard, such as pilfering, etc. 
('Boddington', 'Marine')  Boddington suggested that the Marines might possibly work through the Marine Police, who are already concerned with other matters in the dockyard, such as pilfering, etc. 
('Bobby', 'Paris')  I told Bobby that the question of our having representation abroad was more or less an open one but that at the moment it was difficult to say whether with advantage we could have anyone in Paris. 
('Bobby', 'Paris')  He knows Bobby Mackenzie, having been with him at school and in the Gunners but has not made his acquaintance in Paris. 
('Bobby', 'Paris')  November 15th Bobby Mackensie came to talk to me about the possibility of having an officer working in Passport Control, Paris, who would deal with Jewish matters. 
('Birley', 'Dept')  and Birley, an Under- Secretary of State in the State Dept. 
('Birley', 'Dept')  Stephenson did not accept this view and told Ellis to go and see Birley in the State Dept. 
('Birley', 'Dept')  who told him that a meeting was to be held between Bidde, Birley, Hoover, the War Dept. 
('Bingham', 'I')  I saw Bingham and Younger about the STAPLETON case, and gave them instructions about their meeting this evening. 
('Bingham', 'I')  I explained the position to Bingham and he is making the necessary arrangement with S.B. 
('Bingham', 'I')  I had a talk with Bingham of M.S. 
('Bill Stephenson', 'I')  I told him that I would give him an introduction to Bill Stephenson, who might possibly be able to help him. 
('Bill Stephenson', 'I')  He is going to Jamaica, I told him that I would give him an introduction to Bill Stephenson, who might possibly be able to help him. 
('Bill Stephenson', 'I')  He is going to Jamaica, I told him that I would give him an introduction to Bill Stephenson, who might possibly be able to help him. 
('Bevin', 'Cabinet')  At the D.G's meeting Adam produced a memorandum, addressed by Bevin to his Cabinet colleagues, on the question of the abolition of the visa. 
('Bevin', 'Cabinet')  to the Chiefs of Staff which Bevin, for some reason, does not wish to be shown to the Cabinet Ministers. 
('Bevin', 'Cabinet')  to the Chiefs of Staff which Bevin, for some reason, does not wish to be shown to the Cabinet Ministers. 
('Bertram', 'Dick')  We had a further meeting, Charles, Dick, Bertram and myself. 
('Bertram', 'Dick')  Dick, Bertram, Clayton, Courtenay, James Robertson and I had a discussion on the liquidation of O.C. 
('Bertram', 'Dick')  The D.G., Dick and myself had a discussion about Bertram EDE's future. 
('Bermuda', 'Trinidad')  He told me that he was still struggling to get the S. American mails brought up for censorship to Trinidad or Bermuda. 
('Bermuda', 'Trinidad')  The real problem both at Bermuda and Trinidad is the transit traffic both in mail and personnel. 
('Bermuda', 'Trinidad')  In other words that in places like Bermuda and Trinidad we should not deal direct with Stephenson on C. E. matters. 
('Berlin', 'Switzerland')  reports show the desertion of 30-40 S.S.men to Switzerland and the expected presence in Berlin of Molotov to sign a military alliance between Russia and Germany. 
('Berlin', 'Switzerland')  He did not know that STEWART had actually gone to Switzerland quite recently or that he had obtained a visa there for Berlin. 
('Berlin', 'Switzerland')  There is a delay of 96 hours on these telegrams which go to Berlin via Switzerland. 
('Berlin', 'Rome')  finance before the war and was employed as a courier for this purpose between London, Rome and Berlin. 
('Berlin', 'Rome')  He is said to be in Rome and to be going to Berlin. 
('Berlin', 'Rome')  The evidence of this was obtained same time ago when it became known that Maisky was communicating to the News Chronicle information relating to discussions going on between Berlin, Tokyo and Rome about an extension of the anti-Comintern Pact on military lines. 
('Berlin', 'Lisbon')  Lisbon has told Berlin that RUSER has come into the open and informed the Dienstelle that he can no longer collaborate with the Abwehr. 
('Berlin', 'Lisbon')  There are some interesting ISBA messages showing that Tricycle and Balloon are both still regarded as somewhat doubtful in Berlin, but have got away with it in so far as their master in Lisbon was concerned Tridycle has been given $25,000 and a new ink known as "H". 
('Berlin', 'Lisbon')  Since he has already given full details making it clear that the next move is with the Germans and since it has taken them 7 weeks to think out this extremely unsatisiactory reply it looks as if Berlin has instructed Lisbon to stall Balloon off at any rate for the time being. 
('Bell', 'I')  -------------- I had a short talk with Walter Bell. 
('Bell', 'I')  I talked to Walter Bell about his visit to Aden and Somaliland. 
('Bell', 'I')  I have had a somewhat belly-aching letter from Walter Bell, who feels somewhat frustrated in Delhi. 
('Belgium', 'Dutch')  It seems that the plan was to invade Belgium via the little triangle of Dutch territory by Maastricht. 
('Belgium', 'Dutch')  Feeling in Holland and Belgium is very strongly anti-German, Van Oorschott is of opinion that if an attack is launched through Maastrecht, the Dutch will fight and fall back on the Belgian positions, which are very strong. 
('Belgium', 'Dutch')  If Belgium is attacked without any violation of Dutch neutrality, it is estimated that 65% of the Dutch population would be in favour of giving assistance to the Belgians. 
('Belgian Congo', 'Gibbs')  Gibbs is worried about the Belgian Congo. 
('Belgian Congo', 'Gibbs')  I had a talk with Gibbs and Ramsbotham about the Belgian Congo. 
('Belgian Congo', 'Gibbs')  Gibbs is taking up this matter with Felix as it is not clear at the moment whether security in the Belgian Congo is for G. 2 or O.SS. 
('Belgian', 'Swiss')  There are reports that the German Air Force are violating Belgian and Swiss neutrality. 
('Belgian', 'Swiss')  MEISTEIFFEN was travelling under cover of an agent of Swiss expert in the Belgian Congo and also as a journalist. 
('Belgian', 'Swiss')  864 who had arrived here, 12 were Norwegians, 8 Lutch, 8 Belgian, 5 Spanish, 5 German, 6 British, 4 Portuguese, 3 French, 3 vuban 2 Swedish, 2 Russian, 2 Yugoslav, 2 Polish one Greek, one Czech, one Swiss and one Danish. 
('Belgian', 'Marriott')  Marriott and TAR came to talk to me about [missing] a Belgian, who has the appearance of being a Soviet agent sent here to obtain information about Russian and Polish emigres. 
('Belgian', 'Marriott')  Marriott and TAR came to talk to me about a Belgian, who has the appea race or being a Soviet agent sent here to obtain information about Russian and Polish emigres. 
('Belgian', 'Marriott')  Marriott and TAR came to talk to me about a Belgian, who has the appearance of being a Soviet agent sent here to obtain information about Russian and Polish emigres. 
('Belgian', 'Lisbon')  Dr. WEBER who has now been found to be Dr. Hilaire Antoon WESTERLINCK, Belgian, first came to our notice in Sept. 1940 when he was known to be working for the Germans in Lisbon and to be persuading Belgian seamen to desert their ships by promising them a safe return to their homes. 
('Belgian', 'Lisbon')  It appeas that he has been for some time past in Belgium but returned recently to Lisbon, intending to proceed to the Belgian Congo. 
('Belgian', 'Lisbon')  in Lisbon is preparing to send to England a Belgian agent said to have been in England for a long time and to be now working, as a purser on an English ship. 
('Belgian', 'Gibbs')  Gibbs is worried about the Belgian Congo. 
('Belgian', 'Gibbs')  I had a talk with Gibbs and Ramsbotham about the Belgian Congo. 
('Belgian', 'Gibbs')  Gibbs is taking up this matter with Felix as it is not clear at the moment whether security in the Belgian Congo is for G. 2 or O.SS. 
('Belfast', 'Royal')  Craig rang me up to say that a Petty Officer named Burns from the "Royal Sovereign" had had a telegram sent to him c/o Royal Sovereign Belfast, from a girl called Lena. 
('Belfast', 'Royal')  The interesting thing is that the Royal Sover- eign is not at Belfast, but that there is a dummy ship there which is supposed to be the Royal Sovereign. 
('Belfast', 'Royal')  The question is how did the girl, who sent her telegram from Dublin, come to think that the Royal Sovereign was at Belfast?. 
('Belfast', 'I')  I went to Belfast where I saw Roger Moore and Pym, of the U.I.G. 
('Belfast', 'I')  I have heard today that UNLAND did not go to Belfast after all, but the reasons are not for the moment clear. 
('Belfast', 'I')  I lunched with Anthony POLLEN who is going as assistant manager to Harland Shortes of Belfast. 
('Battersby', 'I')  I had a talk with Battersby who is going out to SIFE. 
('Battersby', 'I')  I had a talk with Battersby about a letter from Gerald Templer on Communist penetration in the British Legion. 
('Battersby', 'I')  -------------- I had a word with Battersby about the S.O.E. 
('Barton', 'Trafford Smith')  Juxon Barton was brought round by Trafford Smith and Marston Logan, whom he is to replace. 
('Barton', 'Trafford Smith')  Trafford Smith said that Juxon Barton had been poking about and had found some papers, now wholly out of date, indicating that someone had taken exception to Stephens either just before or just after his appointment. 
('Barton', 'Trafford Smith')  Trafford Smith said he would damp down Juxon Barton accordingly. 
('Barton', 'Smith')  Juxon Barton was brought round by Trafford Smith and Marston Logan, whom he is to replace. 
('Barton', 'Smith')  Trafford Smith said that Juxon Barton had been poking about and had found some papers, now wholly out of date, indicating that someone had taken exception to Stephens either just before or just after his appointment. 
('Barton', 'Smith')  Trafford Smith said he would damp down Juxon Barton accordingly. 
('Barnett', 'I')  I attended a meeting, under the Chairmanship of Sir Eric de Normann, at which 'C' Barnett and Saffery from the Post Office, and Black and Marshall of the Ministry of Works were present. 
('Barnett', 'I')  -------------- I went down to see Little and Barnett. 
('Barnett', 'I')  I ascertained on return to the office that we had notified them since he beginning of 1949 of 569 cases, 60 of which had since left the department, This figure was a considerable shock to Barnett, as indeed it was to me. 
('Barnet', 'I')  I said that as far as I could gather his people at Barnet did not seen to think that Polish wireless was really our concern. 
('Barnet', 'I')  comes in on Monday and I have arranged that he should go down to Barnet to discuss matters with Sclater. 
('Barnet', 'I')  August 17th I spent the day at Barnet. 
('Bank', 'Treasury')  NOVEMBER 21st Rowe-Dutton of the Treasury has written to us to say that the Bank of England are very anxious to arrange a procedure for carry- ing out investigations when a telegram which excites their interest reaches them from the censorship. 
('Bank', 'Treasury')  Although such an officer would be working in close liaison with the Bank he would be, of course, enquiring on behalf of the Treasury and would be fully armed by the Bank with anything he might require on the technical side. 
('Bank', 'Treasury')  The Bank of England have been interesting themselves in the distribution of forged Treasury notes abroad which they believe to. 
('Bank', 'RATSCHITZKY')  In July, 1939, as war was imminent, OSTRO states he asked the Abwehr to make a payment of 1,200 through the German Embassy on a bearer cheque drawn on Hambro's Bank for RATSCHITZKY. 
('Bank', 'RATSCHITZKY')  In July, 1939, as war was imminent, OSTRO states he asked the Abwehr to make a payment of 1,200 through the German Embassy on a bearer cheque drawn on Hambro's Bank for RATSCHITZKY. 
('Bank', 'RATSCHITZKY')  In July, 1939, as war was imminent, OSTRO states he asked the Abwehr to make a payment of 1,200 through the German Embassy on a bearer cheque drawn on Hambro's Bank for RATSCHITZKY. 
('Bank', 'OSTRO')  In July, 1939, as war was imminent, OSTRO states he asked the Abwehr to make a payment of 1,200 through the German Embassy on a bearer cheque drawn on Hambro's Bank for RATSCHITZKY. 
('Bank', 'OSTRO')  In July, 1939, as war was imminent, OSTRO states he asked the Abwehr to make a payment of 1,200 through the German Embassy on a bearer cheque drawn on Hambro's Bank for RATSCHITZKY. 
('Bank', 'OSTRO')  In July, 1939, as war was imminent, OSTRO states he asked the Abwehr to make a payment of 1,200 through the German Embassy on a bearer cheque drawn on Hambro's Bank for RATSCHITZKY. 
('Bank', 'I')  I told him that we had recently had a report that a man, thought to be connected with illegal immigration in Italy, had been ringing up Landy, one of the principals of this Bank in London. 
('Bank', 'I')  The particular document which I think had excited the Foreign office was one which envisaged the separation of the currency of the Hong Kong - Shanghai Bank in South China. 
('Bank', 'I')  This business was, in fact, used for the transmission of funds from abroad, mainly, I think, through the branch of the Hong Kong Shanghai Bank in Shanghai. 
('Bamford', 'Treasury')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Bamford', 'Treasury')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Bamford', 'Treasury')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Bamford', 'Stephens')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Bamford', 'Stephens')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Bamford', 'Stephens')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Bamford', 'Charles Butler')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Bamford', 'Charles Butler')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Bamford', 'Charles Butler')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Bamford', 'Charles')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Bamford', 'Charles')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Bamford', 'Charles')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Bamford', 'Butler')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Bamford', 'Butler')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Bamford', 'Butler')  Charles Butler and I went to see Bamford of the Treasury about the Stephens case. 
('Bagot', 'I')  I talked to Miss Bagot and Kitchin about an African paper on Communism, the draft of which has been put up by the J.I.O. 
('Bagot', 'I')  -------------- I discussed with Miss Bagot and Kitchin further revisions to the paper on Communism in Africa. 
('Bagot', 'I')  -------------- I had a meeting with Hamblen, Miss Bagot, and Serpell about the Foreign Office proposal that in future when any Department is about to write a paper on any aspect of Communism, the facts should be noted to Reilly, so that other Departments can either contribute or stake a claim as users. 
('Bad Nenndorf', 'Stephens')  He could not give any definite opinion, but, as far as he and Cussen could see, they ought to be able satisfactorily to dispose of the suggestions that Stephens was a party to the third-degree methods used at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Bad Nenndorf', 'Stephens')  He could not give any definite opinion, but, as far as he and Cussen couid see, they ought to be able satisfactorily to dispose of the suggestions that Stephens was a party to the third-degree methods used at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Bad Nenndorf', 'Stephens')  He could not give any definite opinion, but, as far as he and Cussen couid see, they ought to be able satisfactorily to dispose of the suggestions that Stephens was a party to the third-degree methods used at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Bad Nenndorf', 'SMITH')  Mr. Eric F. Hall called to see me to-day He produced a letter which he had received [obfuscated] the solicitors of Captain SMITH, the Medical Officer at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Bad Nenndorf', 'SMITH')  He produced a letter which he had received from the solicitors of Captain SMITH, the Medical Officer at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Bad Nenndorf', 'SMITH')  Mr. Eric F. Hall called to see me to-day He produced a letter which he had received from the solicitors of Captain SMITH, the Medical Officer at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Bad Nenndorf', 'Maxwell')  I saw Maxwell and gave him an account of the Bad Nenndorf incident and Campbell's approach to us. 
('Bad Nenndorf', 'Maxwell')  I saw Maxwell and gave him an account of the Bad Nenndorf incident and Campbell's approach to us. 
('Bad Nenndorf', 'Maxwell')  I saw Maxwell and gave him an account of the Bad Nenndorf incident and Campbell's approach to us. 
('Bad Nenndorf', 'Interrogation Centre')  Stokes put down a question about the enquiries concerning the Interrogation Centre at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Bad Nenndorf', 'Interrogation Centre')  Stoles put down a question about the enquiries concerning the Interrogation Centre at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Bad Nenndorf', 'Interrogation Centre')  Stoles put down a question about the enquiries concerning the Interrogation Centre at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Bad Nenndorf', 'I')  I saw Maxwell and gave him an account of the Bad Nenndorf incident and Campbell's approach to us. 
('Bad Nenndorf', 'I')  I saw Maxwell and gave him an account of the Bad Nenndorf incident and Campbell's approach to us. 
('Bad Nenndorf', 'I')  I saw Maxwell and gave him an account of the Bad Nenndorf incident and Campbell's approach to us. 
('Bad Nenndorf', 'Cussen')  He could not give any definite opinion, but, as far as he and Cussen could see, they ought to be able satisfactorily to dispose of the suggestions that Stephens was a party to the third-degree methods used at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Bad Nenndorf', 'Cussen')  He could not give any definite opinion, but, as far as he and Cussen couid see, they ought to be able satisfactorily to dispose of the suggestions that Stephens was a party to the third-degree methods used at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Bad Nenndorf', 'Cussen')  He could not give any definite opinion, but, as far as he and Cussen couid see, they ought to be able satisfactorily to dispose of the suggestions that Stephens was a party to the third-degree methods used at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Bad Nenndorf', 'Centre')  Stokes put down a question about the enquiries concerning the Interrogation Centre at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Bad Nenndorf', 'Centre')  Stoles put down a question about the enquiries concerning the Interrogation Centre at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Bad Nenndorf', 'Centre')  Stoles put down a question about the enquiries concerning the Interrogation Centre at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Bad Nenndorf', 'Captain')  Mr. Eric F. Hall called to see me to-day He produced a letter which he had received [obfuscated] the solicitors of Captain SMITH, the Medical Officer at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Bad Nenndorf', 'Captain')  He produced a letter which he had received from the solicitors of Captain SMITH, the Medical Officer at Bad Nenndorf. 
('Bad Nenndorf', 'Captain')  Mr. Eric F. Hall called to see me to-day He produced a letter which he had received from the solicitors of Captain SMITH, the Medical Officer at Bad Nenndorf. 
('BURGESS', 'OLIVER')  BURGESS said that he could not possibly have said anything of the kind to the Princess de ROHAN or Mrs. OLIVER, as in fact he did not know until I told him that Mills [redacted]. 
('BURGESS', 'OLIVER')  As was subsequently learned from Princess de ROHAN, BURGESS spent an evening with her and Mrs. OLIVER in their room, where he got very drunk at their. 
('BURGESS', 'OLIVER')  Before leaving for Tangier, BURGESS rang up Mills and said he was not really sure about de ROHAN or Mrs. OLIVER and that they might, in fact, be up to anything. 
('BROCKWAY', 'Uganda')  Some complaint had reached his Minister from Fenner BROCKWAY that he had been followed by the police in Uganda and that instructions to this effect had been given by Hall, the Governor, who was on leave in this country. 
('BROCKWAY', 'Uganda')  Lloyd told me that in fact the Uganda Police had taken it upon themselves to keep BROCKWAY under observation. 
('BROCKWAY', 'Uganda')  prefix, it might have been an inter-police message from the Uganda Police which had been given away to BROCKWAY by some native clerk. 
('BODDINGTON', 'Trade')  I suggested that the Board of Trade might recall him, did not wish to discuss the matter with Lemaitre who had, in fact, been responsible for taking BODDINGTON on, knowing that he had been previously connected with the Marx Memorial Library. 
('BODDINGTON', 'Trade')  We would prefer that Murrie should simply say that on information received, the Cabinet did not think that BODDINGTON was suitable for his present employment, and that the Board of Trade wanted him back. 
('BODDINGTON', 'Trade')  We would prefer that Murrie should simply say that on information received, the Cabinet did not think that BODDINGTON was suitable for his present employment, and that the Board of Trade wanted him back. 
('BLUNT', 'BURGESS')  Our only interest in the case is really to ascertain whether there are any documents in the possession of WOODS or HEWITT which might have some further bearing on the case against BURGESS, Skardon agreed, however, to see BLUNT in order to get further details of the story. 
('BLUNT', 'BURGESS')  Dick tells me that there has been a considerable flap in the Foreign office about the article which "Time" and "Life" wished to publish relating to HEWITT, BURGESS, BLUNT and WARNER. 
('BLUNT', 'BURGESS')  The suggestion was that the Police should interview HEWITT and also SEAMAN of the Daily Express, who is said to have had an interview with HEWITT in which the latter said that he was 'shared' by BURGESS, WARNER and BLUNT. 
('BLACKETT', 'Panel')  It had been suggested that BLACKETT should be on this Panel, Elmhirsti disclosed to me that he was a brother of the Elmhirst who runs Dartington Hall. 
('BLACKETT', 'Panel')  He agreed that our view that BLACKETT should not be employed on the new Scientific Advisory Panel. 
('BLACKETT', 'Panel')  Sheddon is the really strong man in Australia and, in fact, controls the Chiefs of Staff: this leads to a certain amount of friction, particularly with External Affairs The case of BLACKETT was discussed, but after a speech by Elmhirst on his behalf, who said that it had the support of Tedder it was decided to recommend against his appointment to the Advisory Panel on scientific matters. 
('BLACKETT', 'I')  I told him that in our view BLACKETT was not consciously disloyal, but that he was in the habit of surrounding himself with people who were prepared to be tray Government secrets to the Communist Party; in particular I mentioned ASTBURY. 
('BLACKETT', 'I')  I suggested that before reaching decision Brook should have a word with Sir Harold Parker, who would tell him about Tizard's interview with BLACKETT. 
('BLACKETT', 'I')  I instanced people like BLACKETT, Solly ZUCKERMAN and, indeed, BERNAL, who was deliberately taken on, as a full-blown Communist, as Scientific Officer to the Commandos in 1943. 
('Australians', 'I')  The first proposal was that we should ask the Australians to send a representative to Singapore, although personally I think it would be preferable for us to send an officer to Canberra. 
('Australians', 'I')  The first proposal was that we should ask the Australians to send a representative to Singapore, although personally I think it would be preferable for us to send an officer to Canberra. 
('Australians', 'I')  The first proposal was that we should ask the Australians to send a representative to Singapore, although personally I think it would be preferable for us to send an officer to Canberra. 
('Australians', 'Canberra')  The first proposal was that we should ask the Australians to send a representative to Singapore, although personally I think it would be preferable for us to send an officer to Canberra. 
('Australians', 'Canberra')  The first proposal was that we should ask the Australians to send a representative to Singapore, although personally I think it would be preferable for us to send an officer to Canberra. 
('Australians', 'Canberra')  The first proposal was that we should ask the Australians to send a representative to Singapore, although personally I think it would be preferable for us to send an officer to Canberra. 
('Australian', 'Hollis')  Dick told the meeting that Hollis has reported the formation of an Australian Security Service is now under way and that a man called REED has been a pointed the firat Director. 
('Australian', 'Hollis')  I saw Helsby and took him a draft letter to Trunan embodying the information received from Hollis about the progress of Australian security. 
('Australian', 'Hollis')  Hollis came to tell me that MILNER of the Australian espionage case had been appointed by U.N.O. 
('Australia', 'Canada')  He seemed to be searching round for something in the nature of the Zinoviev Letter, which would show that on the direction of Moscow strikes are being started in Canada, Australia and the U.K., with the object of wrecking the Marshall Plan Mitchell has drafted a reply for the P.M., pointing out that the Security Service is really the focal point for information on these matters, and that information from their sources is closely co-ordinated with that of the Police throughout the country. 
('Australia', 'Canada')  He explained to Maiski that he did not want to do this as although Eire was in the Commonwealth they did not like to be classed with other Dominions like Canada and Australia. 
('Australia', 'Canada')  Canada will take 7,000, Newfoundland 1,000, Jamaica up to 100,000 and Australia almost unlimited numbers. 
('Aung San', 'Burmese')  22nd July Hunt came to see me, when we discussed the latest developments, namely, the assassination of Aung San and five other Burmese ministers, Hunt was very concerned about the part played by certain British officers in supplying arms to U Saw, who was believed to be at the back of the whole coup. 
('Aung San', 'Burmese')  had refused to express views on the Burmese situation after the assassination of Aung San, as they were not in possession of the Governor's telegrams from Rangoon. 
('Aung San', 'Burmese')  Hunt came to see me, when we discussed the latest developments, namely, the assassination of Aung San and five other Burmese ministers. 
('Atomic Energy', 'Perrin')  It was then announced by Perrin of Atomic Energy that the explosion of an atomic bomb had occurred in Russia, it is believed somewhere in the vicinity of Lake Baikal. 
('Atomic Energy', 'Perrin')  were demanding these on the grounds of the McMahon Act they were the body charged with the security of Atomic Energy in the U.S. Perrin said that he had received a similar demand from the Atomic Energy section of C.I.A., and he expected to have one from the American Atomic Energy Commission. 
('Atomic Energy', 'Perrin')  in person, which was to the effect that Perrin and Portal had made some statement to representatives of the American Atomic Energy Commission over here to the effect that we had a representative in Washington, and that someone. 
('Atomic', 'Perrin')  It was then announced by Perrin of Atomic Energy that the explosion of an atomic bomb had occurred in Russia, it is believed somewhere in the vicinity of Lake Baikal. 
('Atomic', 'Perrin')  were demanding these on the grounds of the McMahon Act they were the body charged with the security of Atomic Energy in the U.S. Perrin said that he had received a similar demand from the Atomic Energy section of C.I.A., and he expected to have one from the American Atomic Energy Commission. 
('Atomic', 'Perrin')  in person, which was to the effect that Perrin and Portal had made some statement to representatives of the American Atomic Energy Commission over here to the effect that we had a representative in Washington, and that someone. 
('Atlantic Pact', 'Portugal')  Hollis tells me that we have now been charged with a mission to examine, on behalf of the Atlantic Pact Powers, the security of Italy, Portugal, Denmark, Norway and Iceland. 
('Atlantic Pact', 'Portugal')  rang up about the vetting of Security Services in Italy, Portugal, Denmark and Norway, which we have under taken under the Atlantic Pact. 
('Atlantic Pact', 'Portugal')  Roger Hollis said we have heard from Washington that Portugal and Italy have agreed to the security check under the Atlantic Pact, and are anxious that it should be carried out as soon as possible. 
('Atlantic Pact', 'Norway')  Hollis tells me that we have now been charged with a mission to examine, on behalf of the Atlantic Pact Powers, the security of Italy, Portugal, Denmark, Norway and Iceland. 
('Atlantic Pact', 'Norway')  rang up about the vetting of Security Services in Italy, Portugal, Denmark and Norway, which we have under taken under the Atlantic Pact. 
('Atlantic Pact', 'Norway')  Norway and Denmark have come into the Atlantic Pact and Sweden is as close to the other Scandinavian countries as she dares she also has fairly close unofficial liaison with this country. 
('Atlantic Pact', 'Italy')  Hollis tells me that we have now been charged with a mission to examine, on behalf of the Atlantic Pact Powers, the security of Italy, Portugal, Denmark, Norway and Iceland. 
('Atlantic Pact', 'Italy')  rang up about the vetting of Security Services in Italy, Portugal, Denmark and Norway, which we have under taken under the Atlantic Pact. 
('Atlantic Pact', 'Italy')  Roger Hollis said we have heard from Washington that Portugal and Italy have agreed to the security check under the Atlantic Pact, and are anxious that it should be carried out as soon as possible. 
('Atlantic Pact', 'Denmark')  Hollis tells me that we have now been charged with a mission to examine, on behalf of the Atlantic Pact Powers, the security of Italy, Portugal, Denmark, Norway and Iceland. 
('Atlantic Pact', 'Denmark')  rang up about the vetting of Security Services in Italy, Portugal, Denmark and Norway, which we have under taken under the Atlantic Pact. 
('Atlantic Pact', 'Denmark')  Norway and Denmark have come into the Atlantic Pact and Sweden is as close to the other Scandinavian countries as she dares she also has fairly close unofficial liaison with this country. 
('Atlantic', 'Irvine')  Some doubts were expressed about a request by me that Irvine should look into the security of certain countries coming under the Atlantic Pact. 
('Atlantic', 'Irvine')  Irvine is off to Italy to-morrow to look into the security position under the Atlantic Treaty Cosmic system. 
('Atlantic', 'Irvine')  D.C. hoped that Mr. Irvine would be released to represent us on the Atlantic Security Committee. 
('Atlantic', 'Iceland')  There has been opposition to American naval bases throughout the Atlantic and in such important strategical positions as Iceland, Greenland and the Azores. 
('Atlantic', 'Iceland')  Hollis tells me that we have now been charged with a mission to examine, on behalf of the Atlantic Pact Powers, the security of Italy, Portugal, Denmark, Norway and Iceland. 
('Atlantic', 'Iceland')  The idea is that we shall first report the Fleet as moving North from Scara and report a convoy en route to Murmansk, and the position of the Bleet, as being somewhere out in the Atlantic west of Iceland. 
('Atlantic', 'Denmark')  Hollis tells me that we have now been charged with a mission to examine, on behalf of the Atlantic Pact Powers, the security of Italy, Portugal, Denmark, Norway and Iceland. 
('Atlantic', 'Denmark')  rang up about the vetting of Security Services in Italy, Portugal, Denmark and Norway, which we have under taken under the Atlantic Pact. 
('Atlantic', 'Denmark')  Norway and Denmark have come into the Atlantic Pact and Sweden is as close to the other Scandinavian countries as she dares she also has fairly close unofficial liaison with this country. 
('Asia', 'Europe')  What is more she can sever land communications between Europe and Asia. 
('Asia', 'Europe')  In the whole stretch across the continents of Europe and Asia from the Sea of Japan to the Celtic and northern Norway there is no spot where a direct conflict of power may not arise between the Soviets on the one hand and Britain and the US on the other. 
('Asia', 'Europe')  Would-be subscribers are asked not only to say what places and what countries interest them in S. America but whether they desire a similar service for Europe or the British Commonwealth, Russia or Asia. 
('Arnold', 'Didcot')  We have got Arnold up from Didcot and are trying to identify the voice,. 
('Arnold', 'Didcot')  The appointment was apparently made for last Monday, but the information only reached the section to-day.We have got Arnold up from Didcot and are trying to identify the voice, 14th November. 
('Arnold', 'Didcot')  We have got Arnold up from Didcot and are trying to identify the voice. 
('Army', 'Union')  When the position was reviewed in July, 1945, the British concluded: (i) that 99 the Soviet Union, again a first-class power with world-wide interests, would make great efforts to increase her naval strength, (ii) that for some years to come, however, the Soviet Union was likely to be fully occupied in restoring her naval position in the Baltic and the Black Sea: (iii) that it was doubtful whether the Soviet Navy, even when expanded, would ever become more than a loyal helper of the Red Army, but (iv) that it would be unwise to overlook the possible implications of the re-emergence of Russia as a great Naval Power without a big sea-going and ocean-going fleet and suitable disposed bases. 
('Army', 'Union')  The question of a German Army is in abeyance and a proposal has been made that at some future date the Germans might be armed by the Western Powers and make a contribution to Western Union defence. 
('Army', 'Union')  Baker-Cresswell referred to the possibility of German rearmament and asked what could be done to vet officers of the armed forces in Germany were permitted to reconstitute her Army, or to form a contingent to work with the Western Union nations. 
('Army', 'Pas')  Asked when he first came to the conclusion that an attack in the Pas de Calais had been abandoned he said that it was when units of Patton's Army began to appear in the bridgehead. 
('Army', 'Pas')  Jodl himself considered that the Pas de Calais FUSAG threat was off by the middle of July when formations of the 3rd U.S. Army began to appear in Normandy. 
('Army', 'Pas')  He admitted reluctantly, since his loyalty to Hitler's memory is absolute, that the retention of a considerable part on the 15th Army in the Pas de Calais until long after was due to the Fuhrer's own persistent belief in the continuing possibility of a landing in that area. 
('Army', 'OSTRO')  He had been impressed by the importance attached to OSTRO by the local Nazis, and had returned to England and joined the Territorial Army. 
('Army', 'OSTRO')  He had been impressed by the importance attached to OSTRO by the local Nazis, and had returned to England and joined the Territorial Army. 
('Army', 'OSTRO')  He had been impressed by the importance attached to OSTRO by the local Nazis, and had returned to England and joined 108 the Territorial Army. 
('Army', 'Nazis')  He had been impressed by the importance attached to OSTRO by the local Nazis, and had returned to England and joined the Territorial Army. 
('Army', 'Nazis')  He had been impressed by the importance attached to OSTRO by the local Nazis, and had returned to England and joined the Territorial Army. 
('Army', 'Nazis')  He had been impressed by the importance attached to OSTRO by the local Nazis, and had returned to England and joined 108 the Territorial Army. 
('Army', 'Naval')  When the position was reviewed in July, 1945, the British concluded: (i) that 99 the Soviet Union, again a first-class power with world-wide interests, would make great efforts to increase her naval strength, (ii) that for some years to come, however, the Soviet Union was likely to be fully occupied in restoring her naval position in the Baltic and the Black Sea: (iii) that it was doubtful whether the Soviet Navy, even when expanded, would ever become more than a loyal helper of the Red Army, but (iv) that it would be unwise to overlook the possible implications of the re-emergence of Russia as a great Naval Power without a big sea-going and ocean-going fleet and suitable disposed bases. 
('Army', 'Naval')  It seems likely that some of the circuits are already being picked up by the Naval, Army or Air units in the Middle East. 
('Army', 'Naval')  The same applied to Army and Naval matters. 
('Army', 'Invergordon')  We had, of course, ever since the days of Invergordon assisted the Admiralty in these matters, by reason of their system of discipline, which, unlike that in the Army and Air Force, made it difficult for naval officers to know exactly what their men were thinking. 
('Army', 'Invergordon')  We had, of course, ever since the days of Invergordon assisted the Admiralty in these matters, by reason of their system of discipline, which, unlike that in the Army and Air Force, made it difficult for naval officers to know exactly what their men were thinking. 
('Army', 'Invergordon')  We had, of course, ever since the days of Invergordon assisted the Admiralty in these matters, by reason of their system of discipline, which, unlike that in the Army and Air Force, made it difficult for naval officers to know exactly what their men were thinking. 
('Army', 'Hill')  Tin-Eye is a commissioned officer in the Army and for disiplinary purposes under the C.-in- C. We cannot, therefore, as he suggested intervene on security grounds; neither did Hill think it desirable that we should hold & watching brief for M.1.5. 
('Army', 'Hill')  Tin-Eye is a commissioned officer in the Army and for disiplinary purposes under the C.-in- C. We cannot, therefore, as he suggested intervene on security grounds; neither did Hill think it desirable that we should hold a watching brief for M.I.5. 
('Army', 'Hill')  I said, after consultation with Hill, that while he could proceed under the Army Act and under Section 2 of the Official Secrets Act, this would obviously get him no where. 
('Army', 'Harry')  I took Harry the report on Army telephones which we received from the Post Office. 
('Army', 'Harry')  Harry Allen explained that certain of them were being enrolled in the Port & Travel Control Group, which is now a unit of the Terrotorial Army, and this would create a useful bond. 
('Army', 'Harry')  Harry Allen explained that certain of them were being enrolled in the Port & Travel Control Group, which is now a unit of the Territorial Army, and this would create a useful bond. 
('Army', 'Corps')  The following were present: Col. Siron as representative of the Corps Franc, Col. Bastin as representative the Radio Belgie, Col. Adam as representative of the Army of Liberation, Col. van Nooten as representative of the "holding-down" group of the Corps Franc, and principle liaison officer with the Front de l'Independance. 
('Army', 'Corps')  He talked about positive vetting for the Canadian Army which is conducted by Intelligence Corps personnel after names have been passed over the R.O.M.P. 
('Army', 'Corps')  Colonel Knight said that it took the form of enquiries from relatives, neighbours, former employers, etc., and when conducted by Army personnel with Intelligence Corps badges on their shoulders it apparently caused no resentment. 
('Army', 'Calais')  Asked when he first came to the conclusion that an attack in the Pas de Calais had been abandoned he said that it was when units of Patton's Army began to appear in the bridgehead. 
('Army', 'Calais')  Jodl himself considered that the Pas de Calais FUSAG threat was off by the middle of July when formations of the 3rd U.S. Army began to appear in Normandy. 
('Army', 'Calais')  He admitted reluctantly, since his loyalty to Hitler's memory is absolute, that the retention of a considerable part on the 15th Army in the Pas de Calais until long after was due to the Fuhrer's own persistent belief in the continuing possibility of a landing in that area. 
('Archer', 'Harry Allen')  Had a meeting with Harry Allen, Tar, Jo Archer and Lee on the question of German scientists. 
('Archer', 'Harry Allen')  I talked to Harry Allen and Archer about A.L.Os. 
('Archer', 'Harry Allen')  I described to them more or less the basic functions of the office and they subsequently had talks with Harry Allen, Jo Archer, Hollis and Dick/ 11th February. 
('Archer', 'Harker')  (iii) I think that Harker was to a large extent to blame; but for his incompetence the situation would never have arised, and he had, moreover, over a period of many years, encouraged frank criticism from Jane Archer. 
('Archer', 'Harker')  While I thought that technically Mrs. Archer had not got a leg to (iii) I think that Harker was to a large extent to blame; but for his incompetence the situation would never have arised and he had, moreover, over a period of many years, encouraged frank criticism from Jane Archer. 
('Archer', 'Harker')  While I thought that technically Mrs. Archer had not got a leg to 117 (iii) I think that Harker was to a large extent to blame; but for his incompetence the situation would never have arised and he had, moreover, over a period of many years, encouraged frank criticism from Jane Archer. 
('Archer', 'Curry')  I have had a long discussion with Archer, Curry and Allan today about the possible sources of leakage through firms with German connections. 
('Archer', 'Curry')  It has been arranged that Curry, Archer and myself shall visit General Taylor in order to discuss the whole question. 
('Archer', 'Curry')  I attended a meeting with Curry and Archer in General Taylor's room at the Ministry of Supply. 
('Appleby', 'Winterborn')  I saw Colonel Appleby, on the recommendation Of Hugh Winterborn. 
('Appleby', 'Winterborn')  I saw Colonel Appleby, on the recommendation of Hugh Winterborn, Appleby has done most of his service in Burma, which he knows inside out: he also knows all the dialects. 
('Appleby', 'Winterborn')  I saw Colonel Appleby, on the recommendation Of Hugh Winterborn, Appleby has done most of his service in Burma, which he knows 141 inside out: he also knows all the dialects. 
('Appleby', 'I')  I saw Colonel Appleby, on the recommendation Of Hugh Winterborn. 
('Appleby', 'I')  I saw Colonel Appleby, on the recommendation of Hugh Winterborn, Appleby has done most of his service in Burma, which he knows inside out: he also knows all the dialects. 
('Appleby', 'I')  I saw Colonel Appleby, on the recommendation Of Hugh Winterborn, Appleby has done most of his service in Burma, which he knows 141 inside out: he also knows all the dialects. 
('Appleby', 'Hugh Winterborn')  I saw Colonel Appleby, on the recommendation Of Hugh Winterborn. 
('Appleby', 'Hugh Winterborn')  I saw Colonel Appleby, on the recommendation of Hugh Winterborn, Appleby has done most of his service in Burma, which he knows inside out: he also knows all the dialects. 
('Appleby', 'Hugh Winterborn')  I saw Colonel Appleby, on the recommendation Of Hugh Winterborn, Appleby has done most of his service in Burma, which he knows 141 inside out: he also knows all the dialects. 
('Appleby', 'Burma')  Appleby has done most of his service in Burma, which he knows inside out: he also knows all the dialects. 
('Appleby', 'Burma')  I saw Colonel Appleby, on the recommendation of Hugh Winterborn, Appleby has done most of his service in Burma, which he knows inside out: he also knows all the dialects. 
('Appleby', 'Burma')  I saw Colonel Appleby, on the recommendation Of Hugh Winterborn, Appleby has done most of his service in Burma, which he knows 141 inside out: he also knows all the dialects. 
('Apart', 'Rizvi')  Apart from this, there did not seem to be any particular motive in what Rizvi had done. 
('Apart', 'Rizvi')  Apart from this, there did not seem to be any particular motive in what Rizvi had done. 
('Apart', 'Rizvi')  Apart from this, there did not seem to be any particular motive in what Rizvi had done. 
('Anthony Blunt', 'I')  I had lunch to-day with Anthony Blunt, when he told me that PADGHAM was exercised in his mind about a statement in the file of the PUTLITZ establishment branch of the German Foreign Office, that, owing to his relations with Willy SCHNEIDER, he had been blackmailed into acting as a British agent. 
('Anthony Blunt', 'I')  -------------- I lunched with Anthony Blunt. 
('Anthony Blunt', 'I')  I saw Anthony Blunt yesterday at the Travellers club. 
('Anthony', 'HEWITT')  Anthony wondered whether he had got certain documents from the flat in Bond Street through Jackie HEWITT, It appears that when the flat was searched by Ronnie Reed and someone else, they concentrated solely on BURGESS' papers. 
('Anthony', 'HEWITT')  Anthony says that later on HEWITT remarked that there was not only his own correspondence but a considerable amount belonging to BURGESS in the case. 
('Anthony', 'HEWITT')  Wrightson, as Jackie HEWITT, Some time ago WOODS, whom Anthony had never seen before, turned up with a sad story about how he had been duped by HEWITT and was involved in malversation of funds belonging to Head Wrightson. 
('Anthony', 'BURGESS')  Anthony says that later on HEWITT remarked that there was not only his own correspondence but a considerable amount belonging to BURGESS in the case. 
('Anthony', 'BURGESS')  Anthony then told me that, quite fortuitously, a friend of his had obtained the name of the individual who alleged some time ago that he had actually seen BURGESS and MACLEAN in some cafe in the south of France. 
('Anthony', 'BURGESS')  Anthony suggested that Norman NASH, who was a close friend of BURGESS in the Press Department of the Foreign Office but was not retired, might, through his press connections, intimate to the Daily Express that they were barking up the wrong tree. 
('Ankara', 'Moscow')  At that stage there would be telegrams passing between London and Ankara, and probably between Ankara and Moscow, which would indicate the measure of support which this country might be prepared to give. 
('Ankara', 'Moscow')  While it would be possible to get the Turks to send all their communications by cable instead of W/T and possibly to use the bag only, it would probably not prevent the Turks in Ankara from passing on information to their representative in Moscow. 
('Ankara', 'Moscow')  would also be told of the reasons and urged not to telegraph back to London resumes or the conversations in Ankara or to send indiscreet communications to their Ambassador in Moscow. 
('Ankara', 'Cairo')  The bag to which the Germans had access according to ISOS was one brought from Cairo to Ankara by our assistant Air Attache. 
('Ankara', 'Cairo')  It was agreed (1) that we should be informed of the partiaulars of all messages sent to the Middle East (2) that Ankara was to Cairo as Lisbon was to this country and that therefore activities in surkey were of importance to Maunsell. 
('Ankara', 'Cairo')  Ankara dated 13.3.42 saying that there was a plan to build up a Near Eastern Directorate of tne D.I.B under REICHERT in Cairo sitn agencies at Jerusalem, Damascus, Bagdad, Teheran and Kabul and in Arabia. 
('Anderson', 'Maxwell')  saw Maxwell and Anderson and it was agreed that we should keep the D.M.I. 
('Anderson', 'Maxwell')  John Anderson and Maxwell were also present, The discussion was already in progress. 
('Anderson', 'Maxwell')  Anderson and Maxwell were rather annoyed at his outburst but Greenwood and Attlee were evidently very eager to hear what he had to say. 
('Anderson', 'Eden')  The following were to be present: S. of S., First Lord, Eden, Hankey, and Sir John Anderson. 
('Anderson', 'Eden')  Special material shows that John Anderson was adamant about the Irish executions and that the P.M., Eden and to some extent even Winston were anxious to find a way out. 
('Anderson', 'Eden')  Eden said he did not want to have a half-hour lecture from John Anderson on the liberties of the subject, and urged D.S.S. 
('Ambassador', 'Poland')  SEPTEMBER 3rd A.M. At 10 a.m. particulars were given of the presentation of our ultimatum to Germany which was to expire at 11 a.m. At 11.15 the Prime Minister spoke stating that as no guarantee of the withdrawal of German troops from Poland had been received, our Ambassador had asked for his passport, and we were now in a state of war with Germany. 
('Ambassador', 'Poland')  In reply to a wire from the British Ambassador to Poland the F.O. 
('Ambassador', 'Poland')  On 17.9.39 according to a despatch from Mos- cow, the Polish Ambassador was sent for by Potemkin and told about the proposed invasion of Poland. 
('Ambassador', 'Moscow')  The Ambassador called, but the visit was purely a formal one before he went back to Moscow. 
('Ambassador', 'Moscow')  would also be told of the reasons and urged not to telegraph back to London resumes or the conversations in Ankara or to send indiscreet communications to their Ambassador in Moscow. 
('Ambassador', 'Moscow')  Sir Alvary Gascoigne, our Ambassador in Moscow, attended the J.I.C. 
('Ambassador', 'Marshall')  Only a few days previously the American Ambassador, at the instigation or Marshall, had called on the Foreign Secretary to implore us to stay in Palestine. 
('Ambassador', 'Marshall')  Only a few days previously the American Ambassador, at the instigation of Marshall, had called on the Foreign Secretary to implore us to stay in Palestine. 
('Ambassador', 'Marshall')  Only a few days previously the American Ambassador, at the instigation or Marshall, had called on the Foreign Secretary to implore us to stay in Palestine. 
('Ambassador', 'Chinese')  to-day we were told about Nehru's anxiety, due to a convention between his Ambassador in Peking and CHUEN-LI, that if the Americans advanced beyond the 38th Parallel, the Chinese, and possibly also the Russians, would intervene. 
('Ambassador', 'Chinese')  Although this possibility had to be envisaged, an alternative was that the Chinese- who had always objected to the crossing of the 38th Parallel by American Forces and had, in fact, intimated through the Indian Ambassador in Peking, Pannikar, that if this happened they would intervene- might have as their present objective the driving back of U.N. 
('Ambassador', 'Chinese')  The Sino-Russo Conference, the Ambassador thought, was more important from the point of view of what it had not revealed, namely the degree and nature of future co-operation between the Chinese and Russians in the Korean war. 
('Allies', 'OSTRO')  Klop thinks it possible that as he had several novels to his credit and was writing a new one, it might be about spies with sensational "facts", which OSTRO had confessed to the Allies: to deny these facts now would be to destroy the whole basis of a potential best-seller. 
('Allies', 'OSTRO')  Klop thinks it possible that as he had several novels to his credit and was writing a new one it might be about spies with sensational "facts", which OSTRO had confessed to the Allies: to deny these facts now would be to destroy the whole basis of a potential best-seller. 
('Allies', 'OSTRO')  Klop thinks it possible that as he had several novels to hia credit and was writing a new one it might be about spies with sensational "facts", which OSTRO had confessed to the Allies: to deny these facts now would be to destroy the whole basis of a potential best-seller. 
('Allies', 'Klop')  Klop thinks it possible that as he had several novels to his credit and was writing a new one, it might be about spies with sensational "facts", which OSTRO had confessed to the Allies: to deny these facts now would be to destroy the whole basis of a potential best-seller. 
('Allies', 'Klop')  Klop thinks it possible that as he had several novels to his credit and was writing a new one it might be about spies with sensational "facts", which OSTRO had confessed to the Allies: to deny these facts now would be to destroy the whole basis of a potential best-seller. 
('Allies', 'Klop')  Klop thinks it possible that as he had several novels to hia credit and was writing a new one it might be about spies with sensational "facts", which OSTRO had confessed to the Allies: to deny these facts now would be to destroy the whole basis of a potential best-seller. 
('Allies', 'Italy')  Roumania thinks that action by ourselves and the French now is imperative and would have a considerable effect in bringing in Italy on the side of the Allies. 
('Allies', 'Italy')  The official attitude in Italy is to propitiate Berlin but to keep the independent theme to the forefront and as regards the Allies to give no indication that Italy has any intention of departing from her policy of "sacred egoism". 
('Allies', 'Italy')  2nd April that we were contemplating some penetration of the Baltic in order to stop iron ore supplies going to Germany, Germany, working through Italy and Russia, is apparently trying to detach the Turks from the Allies. 
('Alley', 'Haylor')  Alley said that both he and Haylor were shareholders in a scheme which Sharkey controlled. 
('Alley', 'Haylor')  Sharkey had, however, resisted this and had subsequently reported the doctor and the nursing home to the Home Office, Alley said that both he and Haylor were shareholders in a scheme which Sharkey controlled. 
('Alley', 'Haylor')  Alley said that both he and Haylor were shareholders in a scheme which Sharkey controlled. 
('Alley', 'Eindhoven')  Corin and Alley came in to tell me that Col. Eindhoven wanted to send 4 or 5 of his officers for attachment here for a longish period. 
('Alley', 'Eindhoven')  Alley, Rhodes and Corin came to talk to me about Eindhoven. 
('Alley', 'Eindhoven')  Apparently Moyland was very keen that I should go with Alley and Corin and help to smooth over difficulties between Col. Eindhoven and van Angeren. 
('Allen', 'Archer')  Had a meeting with Harry Allen, Tar, Jo Archer and Lee on the question of German scientists. 
('Allen', 'Archer')  I talked to Harry Allen and Archer about A.L.Os. 
('Allen', 'Archer')  I described to them more or less the basic functions of the office and they subsequently had talks with Harry Allen, Jo Archer, Hollis and Dick/ 11th February. 
('Alexander Maxwell', 'Herbert')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Alexander Maxwell', 'Herbert')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Alexander Maxwell', 'Herbert')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about pundishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Peake, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Alexander Maxwell', 'Director')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Alexander Maxwell', 'Director')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Alexander Maxwell', 'Director')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about pundishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Peake, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Alexander Maxwell', 'Creedy')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Alexander Maxwell', 'Creedy')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Alexander Maxwell', 'Creedy')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about pundishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Peake, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Alexander Maxwell', 'Campbell')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Alexander Maxwell', 'Campbell')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Alexander Maxwell', 'Campbell')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about pundishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Peake, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Alexander', 'Herbert')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Alexander', 'Herbert')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Alexander', 'Herbert')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about pundishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Peake, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Alexander', 'Governor')  I saw Sir Alexander Grantham, the new Governor of Hong Kong, with the D.G., and talked to him out our representation in the colony. 
('Alexander', 'Governor')  I saw Sir Alexander Grantham, the new Governor of Hong Kong, with the D.G., and talked to him out our representation in the colony. 
('Alexander', 'Governor')  Sir Alexander Grantham, Governor of Hong Kong, attended the J.I.C. 
('Alexander', 'Director')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Alexander', 'Director')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Alexander', 'Director')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about pundishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Peake, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Alexander', 'Cripps')  has also seen Alexander, who produced for him a document drawn up by Cripps on the question of C.P. 
('Alexander', 'Cripps')  has also seen Alexander, who produced for him a document drawn up by Cripps on the question of C.P. 
('Alexander', 'Cripps')  has also seen Alexander, who produced for him a document drawn up by Cripps on the question of C.P. 
('Alexander', 'Creedy')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Alexander', 'Creedy')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Alexander', 'Creedy')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about pundishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Peake, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Alexander', 'Campbell')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Alexander', 'Campbell')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about punishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Pekke, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Alexander', 'Campbell')  We told Campbell that there were perhaps four people who might be able to obtain for him the evidence he required about pundishments; these were Sir Alexander Maxwell, Sir Osbert Peake, Sir Herbert Creedy, and the late Director- General. 
('Alex', 'I')  I then passed him to Alex Kellar, with whom he had a long talk. 
('Alex', 'I')  I had a talk with Alex and Hamblen about the preeent situation in Hong Kong. 
('Alex', 'I')  I had a long discussion with Dick and Alex about the role of our overseas stations. 
('Alex', 'Dick')  Since Alex is likely to be on the sick list for some months, we felt that Magan would have to go as Head of SIME, Dick has complete powers to arrange what he can with the High Commissioner, Kellar suggested that either Dick or, strangely, Horrocks should take over during his absence. 
('Alex', 'Dick')  Since Alex is likely to be on the sick list for some months, we felt that Magan would have to go as Head of SIME, Dick has complete powers to arrange what he can with the High Commissioner. 
('Alex', 'Dick')  I had a long discussion with Dick and Alex about the role of our overseas stations. 
('Agency', 'Israel')  Hastings, by Doniach, took the view that it was necessary to publish [redacted], since the HAGANAH and the PALMACH, in broadcasts by Kol Israel and in broadsheets, had accepted full responsibility for many of the outrages committed in Palestine, He also said that if Shertok were asked he would admit that members of the Executive of the Agency took part in the meetings of the HAGANAH, Lastly, he criticised the draft by saying that [redacted] did not really tie up the IRGUN and the STERN groups with the HAGANAH and the Agency. 
('Agency', 'Israel')  It was agreed that we would try and find some further supporting evidence [redacted] of the relations between the Agency and Kol Israel. 
('Agency', 'Israel')  We then quoted the Kol Israel broadcast, with a note to show how Kol Israel was connected with the Agency, and lastly we quoted the claims of HAGANA, IRGUN and STERN from their own papers. 
('Agency', 'Irgun')  Gater was pressing hard for the disclosure of [redacted] and [redacted] unless documentary evidence was found in Palestine which would satisfy the House that the Hagana had been engaged in sabotage with the connivence of the Agency and that the Agency at least had a certain hold over the Irgun. 
('Agency', 'Irgun')  This material, however, only had a bearing on the duplicity of the Agency: 1t did not relate to the day to day activities of the Irgun. 
('Agency', 'Irgun')  This material, however, only had a bearing on the duplicity of the Agency: 1t did not relate to the day to day activities of the Irgun. 
('Agency', 'IRGUN')  We have prepared a brief for the Colonial Office and Prime Minister, which brings together all the information that we have from Top Secret sources and other sources, which tends to show a) that the Jewish Agency is in control of the HAGANAH and the PALMACH, b) that the HAGANAH and the PALMACH have been responsible for illegal activities and acts of violence, and c) the association of the HAGANAH and PALMACH on the one hand and the IRGUN and STERN Group on the other. 
('Agency', 'IRGUN')  Hastings, by Doniach, took the view that it was necessary to publish [redacted], since the HAGANAH and the PALMACH, in broadcasts by Kol Israel and in broadsheets, had accepted full responsibility for many of the outrages committed in Palestine, He also said that if Shertok were asked he would admit that members of the Executive of the Agency took part in the meetings of the HAGANAH, Lastly, he criticised the draft by saying that [redacted] did not really tie up the IRGUN and the STERN groups with the HAGANAH and the Agency. 
('Agency', 'IRGUN')  We then quoted the Kol Israel broadcast, with a note to show how Kol Israel was connected with the Agency, and lastly we quoted the claims of HAGANA, IRGUN and STERN from their own papers. 
('Affairs', 'Robertson')  I saw Norman Robertson and Hume Wrong of External Affairs. 
('Affairs', 'Robertson')  After lunch I saw Stone of External Affairs and talked to him a good deal abou the Spanish situation, and he arranged for me to see Robertson, the Under Secretary of State on the following day. 
('Affairs', 'Robertson')  I had a long talk with Robertson of External Affairs when he told me that the policy as regards Japanese wa to evacuate them as far as possible from the Pacific Coast. 
('Admiral Thomson', 'I')  I saw Admiral Thomson and Hill. 
('Admiral Thomson', 'I')  I saw Admiral Thomson and Hill. 
('Admiral Thomson', 'I')  I saw Admiral Thomson and Hill. 
('Admiral', 'Thistle')  18th March, Admiral Inglis has at last replied to our letter, He is arranging to put Thistle into touch with someone who is indoctrinated in the F.B.I. 
('Admiral', 'Thistle')  It was the intention to inform Admiral Nimitz and Thistle would endeavour to let us know the result. 
('Admiral', 'Thistle')  Thistle has telephoned (20.4.49) to say that Admiral Nimitz has been informed about MILNER, and that ways and means are now under consideration for getting him out of the delegation to Pakistan. 
('Admiral', 'Notice')  Admiral Thomson had expressed the view that it did not contra- vene any D. Notice and that there was nothing to be done. 
('Admiral', 'Notice')  Admiral Thomson had expressed the view that it did not contra- 89 vene any D. Notice and that there was nothing to be done. 
('Admiral', 'Notice')  I felt, however, that in view of Colonial Office anxiety about publicity in connection with the D.G., and also certain anxiety in Downing Street, it might be well to explore whether Admiral Thompson could impress upon editors the fact that the D.G's movements really came within the terms of D. Notice No.1, i.e. 
('Admiral', 'Naval')  Rear Admiral Sidney W. Souers former deputy director Ol Naval Intelligence, has been appointed by the President of the Central Intelligence Agency. 
('Admiral', 'Naval')  He mentioned a paper by Admiral Stephens, who I think is the American Naval Attache in Moscow, which suggests cutting off all supplies to Russia and the satellites, and also that if this were done the whole machine would crack and disintegrate. 
('Admiral', 'Naval')  Meanwhile, the Naval Commander had been placed under arrest by the Admiral. 
('Admiral', 'D. Notice')  Admiral Thomson had expressed the view that it did not contra- vene any D. Notice and that there was nothing to be done. 
('Admiral', 'D. Notice')  Admiral Thomson had expressed the view that it did not contra- 89 vene any D. Notice and that there was nothing to be done. 
('Admiral', 'D. Notice')  I felt, however, that in view of Colonial Office anxiety about publicity in connection with the D.G., and also certain anxiety in Downing Street, it might be well to explore whether Admiral Thompson could impress upon editors the fact that the D.G's movements really came within the terms of D. Notice No.1, i.e. 
('Administration', 'Stephens')  Mr. Hall was in the same position as Stimson at Camp 020 - in other words he was the Chief Administration Officer under Stephens until he was demobilised. 
('Administration', 'Stephens')  Mr. Hall was in the same position as Stimson at Camp 020 - in other words he was the Chief Administration Officer under Stephens until he was demobilised. 
('Administration', 'Stephens')  Mr. Hell was in the same position as Stimson at Camp 020 - in other words he was the Chief Administration Officer under Stephens until he was demobilised. 
('Administration', 'Camp')  Mr. Hall was in the same position as Stimson at Camp 020 - in other words he was the Chief Administration Officer under Stephens until he was demobilised. 
('Administration', 'Camp')  Mr. Hall was in the same position as Stimson at Camp 020 - in other words he was the Chief Administration Officer under Stephens until he was demobilised. 
('Administration', 'Camp')  Mr. Hell was in the same position as Stimson at Camp 020 - in other words he was the Chief Administration Officer under Stephens until he was demobilised. 
('Aden', 'Sudan')  The demand for a station in Aden had arisen largely from the mutiny in the Sudan Police rather more than a year ago. 
('Aden', 'Sudan')  and recommends that we should set up a post in Aden to cover the Sudan and Somaliland. 
('Aden', 'Sudan')  At first Shaw said he did not think this was necessary and that he did not agree that the Sudan could be run better from Fayid than Aden. 
('Aden', 'Governor')  this morning: - We were requested to ask SIME for any confirmation or amplification of a report from the Governor at Aden to the effect that a Russian Mission was going to the Yemen. 
('Aden', 'Governor')  Sir Reginald Chaprtian, Governor of Aden, came to see me. 
('Aden', 'Governor')  Sir Reginald Chapman, Governor of Aden, came to see me. 
('Adam', 'Strong')  Horrocks, Adam, Byrde, Vesey, Strong and I discussed the vetting of American immigration. 
('Adam', 'Strong')  Strong told us that Adam had had a query from the H.O. 
('Adam', 'Strong')  7th January I had a meeting with Harry Allen, Horrocks, Roger, Stanley Strong and Adam about the vetting of civil servants. 
('Adam', 'Hollis')  talked to me about the dispute between Hollis and Adam over vetting. 
('Adam', 'Hollis')  We had a meeting with Colonel Adam, Hollis, Dick and Horrocks on the Communist Working Party It was decided that we should prepare a rather fuller note for the D.G. 
('Adam', 'Hollis')  We had a meeting with Colonel Adam, Hollis, Dick and Horrocks on the Communist Working Party. 
('Adam', 'Dick')  Adam, Dick, Alley, F-J and I had a talk about arrangements to vet the personnel of Anders's Army. 
('Adam', 'Dick')  We had a meeting with Colonel Adam, Hollis, Dick and Horrocks on the Communist Working Party It was decided that we should prepare a rather fuller note for the D.G. 
('Adam', 'Dick')  We had a meeting with Colonel Adam, Hollis, Dick and Horrocks on the Communist Working Party. 
('Adam', 'Col')  The following were present: Col. Siron as representative of the Corps Franc, Col. Bastin as representative the Radio Belgie, Col. Adam as representative of the Army of Liberation, Col. van Nooten as representative of the "holding-down" group of the Corps Franc, and principle liaison officer with the Front de l'Independance. 
('Adam', 'Col')  said that he had studied the memo put up by Col. Adam and had had a talk with Stafford. 
('Adam', 'Col')  Col. Adam explained that it was designed solely to protect this country. 
('Acworth', 'I')  I had a talk with Acworth about his agency. 
('Acworth', 'I')  I had a long session with Acworth and very much hope that I have now got him into the right frame of mind. 
('Acworth', 'I')  I had previously seen Acworth and told him that he had to make up his mind whether he was going to work in this office or not, and if he was that he would carry out the work in the way that we thought best. 
('Accra', 'Colonies')  (a) I could not see why the Colonial office should be apprehensive about the appointment, since if it was the intention of the French to report on subversive movements in British Colonies in West Africa, they already had a Consul in Accra who had probably been doing this for some time. 
('Accra', 'Colonies')  representative would be reporting about affairs in the Colonies and that information would get back to the Russians, with serious results, was really nonsense, The French already had a Consul in Accra and were probably reporting already. 
('Accra', 'Colonies')  An enormous amount of information has been received on the activities of the R.D.A., which has been sent to London uncollated; it is carded extensively in Accra, translated, and given a wide distribution to the Administration, the Police, the Military in the four Colonies, and to Consuls in adjacent territories. 
('Abwehr', 'RATSCHITZKY')  In July, 1939, as war was imminent, OSTRO states he asked the Abwehr to make a payment of 1,200 through the German Embassy on a bearer cheque drawn on Hambro's Bank for RATSCHITZKY. 
('Abwehr', 'RATSCHITZKY')  In July, 1939, as war was imminent, OSTRO states he asked the Abwehr to make a payment of 1,200 through the German Embassy on a bearer cheque drawn on Hambro's Bank for RATSCHITZKY. 
('Abwehr', 'RATSCHITZKY')  In July, 1939, as war was imminent, OSTRO states he asked the Abwehr to make a payment of 1,200 through the German Embassy on a bearer cheque drawn on Hambro's Bank for RATSCHITZKY. 
('Abwehr', 'Gestapo')  She had previously twice been arrested by the Gestapo in Vienna in spite of every effort by the Abwehr to protect her. 
('Abwehr', 'Gestapo')  BEZIER was suspected of being a German or Vichy agent for several reasons, one of which was that he was the recipient of 100 note which had formerly been in the possession of the Abwehr or Gestapo. 
('Abwehr', 'Gestapo')  Three Germans of some importance were on their way to this country Two from the Abwehr and one from Gestapo. 
('Abwehr', 'Bank')  In July, 1939, as war was imminent, OSTRO states he asked the Abwehr to make a payment of 1,200 through the German Embassy on a bearer cheque drawn on Hambro's Bank for RATSCHITZKY. 
('Abwehr', 'Bank')  In July, 1939, as war was imminent, OSTRO states he asked the Abwehr to make a payment of 1,200 through the German Embassy on a bearer cheque drawn on Hambro's Bank for RATSCHITZKY. 
('Abwehr', 'Bank')  In July, 1939, as war was imminent, OSTRO states he asked the Abwehr to make a payment of 1,200 through the German Embassy on a bearer cheque drawn on Hambro's Bank for RATSCHITZKY. 
('ARCHER', 'I')  I dined in Dublin with MCKENNA, ARCHER, DAN and DOC. 
('ARCHER', 'I')  as he would only be returning on Tuesday, but that I would speak to him and then let Jane ARCHER know what she was to do. 
('ARCHER', 'I')  as he would only be returning on Tuesday, but that I would speak to him and then let Jane ARCHER know what she was to do. 
('ALCAZAR', 'PEPPERMINT')  PEPPERMINT then explained that ALCAZAR had offered to give him money in Swiss francs and American dollars, a Minox camera on which would be films containing a questionnair, the camera to be used for photographing documents, secret ink which had to be developed in 3 processes, and cover addresses 'if the bag could not be used. 
('ALCAZAR', 'PEPPERMINT')  PEPPERMINT is going to say that he had no knowledge of the questionnair which must have been inserted by ALCAZAR who for a long time has been trying to blackmail him, but that the money was to pay the debts of the Press Bureau and finance it for future operation It is hoped that he may get away with this. 
('ALCAZAR', 'PEPPERMINT')  It seems from conversations between PEPPERMINT and ALCAZAR that VILLAVERDF has for a long time been cognisant of ALCAZAR's activities. 
